Easily one of the best novels on WW....It's translated very well, loads of appreciation for the translators and the editors. There aren't any other novels of this genre on WW as far as I know. The character development is beautiful, the author considers multiple perspectives and the level of thought put into the story is phenomenal. It's very easy to recommend this novel because it's so great. It's narrated with a mix of first-person and third-person, and the dialogues are smart and sophisticated, with great plot developments. Primarily a historical fiction with heavy use of strategy and tactics, there's also great action and decent romantic content.

For new readers wanting to know if this novel is any good:There's about 27 chapters more to go as of 15 March 2020.I strongly recommend this novel, though i even more strongly recommend to read ONLY when this novel is actually finished, because it is so well written, you'll enjoy it more when its complete.Translation speed aside, the translators have made a high quality translation and it is deeply satisfying to read.This is no Xianxia, this is a true wuxia novel where every character is well fleshed out (though of course the MC is super intelligent)Do monitor the updates and read only when its completed!

Rating: 9.5/10This story does so many things right: side characters are well written and thought out with depth added, MC is SUPER smart and puts it to use constantly to make you in awe, drama is thick and the novel did good at drawing emotions whether sadness, anger, or anxiousness. I'm so happy that I tried this story, but I'm also a little sad that more people haven't read it.Should you read this? absolutely! you can wait until it's finished, or go ahead and dive into a wonderful story with no cultivation, stupid sects, arrogant rich children, or word fluff. Thanks for reading my less than average review, hope this helped! haha

Generally when reading the novels here, I tend to get the same feeling I get when reading a shonen manga, which of course isn't a bad thing. I love shonen mangas. Grandmaster Strategist however, is not one of those novels. The feeling I get when reading this novel is the same one I get when reading classic literature that are praised as masterpieces.The author's style is insanely polished and the translation does his work justice. A very gripping tale of politics and warfare.If I am asked which novel I enjoyed the most here I would only put Grandmaster Strategist in my top 5 along with a few others, but if I am asked which is the most well written novel here then without a doubt it is Grandmaster Strategist. 12/10

This work is very good. It was one of my first book I love because of its politics and strategy. I love the main character suying and his servant the eunch. Can't wait for more chapter to come. I strongly recommend this book as you will love it as I came to. It court political strategy,  tragedy, and has little romance which I love since nowadays romance has spoilt the quality of some very good book. The book defined what is a good book should have to be successful as it has set a high bench mark to my taste in book. I hope you will enjoy this book just like i had.

This novel is really unique, to everything else that's offered here, and even other sites.the setting is extremely well done, so are the characters, backstory, the thought process of MC and others.It's one of the best novels i have ever read.Rating: 10/10.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

If we share the same personality of being easily bored of repetitive or unstimulating writings, please read on. This is my first and only review on this site. Which goes to show I don't randomly write cause I'm too lazy... But this deserves an exception...This is not just a novel... It's a literature. The author's writing and translation is such a breath of fresh air compared to most novels with standard storyline (if you know what I mean). There's culture, identity, intelligence, practicality, history, strategy, maturity, romance and much more... All packed into the storyline (cohesively!, mind you), making your everyday novel seems childplay.This work might not be suitable for everyone, but for those who enjoy sophistry and looking to be stimulated by quality writing / translation, then you won't be disappointed. This is quality work.Although the rate of translation is slow, but hey, quality over quantity anytime baby.Big shout out to hweirdo ;) and thank you.

Easily one of the best Novels on Wuxiaworld.com. Well written without the bullshitty tropes that seem to plague this genre. Thrilling to the core , filled with intelligent characters with clear motivations, this novel is a must read. It starts off a bit slowly, but the translation quality is top notch. The only sadness is the slow pace of translation, but hey, the quality of this Novel outstrip all others. Only demon hunter comes close. Do not read if you want the usual brainless ,op MC who can't lose. This novel is for someone who appreciates good literature. I think this deserves a hard copy, rather than being published online. My respects to Follow The Crowd.

This is probably one of the most unique novels on wuxiaworld, high literature, a MC who is solely reliant on his wits as he is pretty frail himself, chock full of intrigue, strategy and deep political maneuvering. A world where there are no true heroes or villains, just different sides with winners and losers.Though with the huge cast of characters with multiple view points, timelines and no wiki, you might be better off waiting for it to be fully translated cause a short hiatus might mean you had forgotten half the cast &gt;.&lt;.Each individual chapter is probably more than double the length of anything I have read on the site as well, so it would take some commitment to actually read through it all. However, it is hard to put down once you have a momentum.

Is this a monthly update release?I do know that the complete book consist of v6 ch49 and we are currently at v6 ch30. Lets go!!A a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a.Well yeah it needs to have 100 words to post here so yeah. Wp

This is a very engaging and gripping novel. The author has proven to be brilliant in fleshing out the characters of the novels. The MC is brilliant, with his intellect being his major source of power. His enemies are also smart and powerful (though not to the level of the MC. The plot is very realistic and well thought out. There is no ridiculous power ups for the MC.How this novel has gone under the radar is a mystery to me.I would recommend this novel to everyone who is interested in strategy and war novels. You will not regret the time you spend reading this novel.

This is a very good novel.And I can say that after reading a lot of the novels here on wuxiaworld.The novel is gripping and gives an immersive feel while reading.I love this novel because it has a capacity to keep it's readers on their toes in anticipation of what happens next and how every scenario will play out.The character building is superb.Kingdom building superb.The Chapters are long like an actual novel.It is definitely not a run of the mill cliche Chinese cultivation story.It is unique and interesting and I would recommend it to anyone any day.

A good novel to stick with until the end.This novel is a bit weird at the start because it does not have a goal or a particular drive. As it continues more and more interesting plots unfold and it really picks up in intensity. Unlike many other novels there is rarely if ever the impression that the narration or plot development gets cheap and the story telling and translation are both very nice. Although personally I find the amount of translator annotations absolutely overwhelming so that I skip them most of the time, there is clearly a lot of work and thought behind it and it shows. The writing is very atmospheric and often immersive even if you dont find anything in the poetry.Give this a try and stick with it if you like the genre, this is really one of the very few novels on the site I can write a positive review for without any second thoughts.

A masterpiece novel with a genius MC that actually proves his intelligence while plotting and overcoming plots that are more believable and not reliant on everyone else in the world being an idiot.The villains are competent and human with their own complex motivations which makes the MC's success that much more gratifying.The relationships are complex between the characters and not one-dimensional automatic support for the MC just because the MC is the protagonist. Relationships develop and change over time.There is classic Chinese poetry interspersed (attributed to the MC as "proof" of his literary skill) with great explanations by the translator and is overall a nice touch.

Such a precious gems.It is not a book where an MC overcomes all odds to beat a hidden boss or fight his way to secure the belle.It is about a journey, here we follow an adventure.Sometimes bloody, sometimes beautiful, sometimes sad, but mostly an effortless story about life.It is not a normal building kingdom kind of concept novels, its more and indepth life of a Scholar who could shake the world but let destiny play with him until he cares.It is a weird feeling but its calming my mind. This story is awesome thanks for the translation,Love the chinese culture.

This is review as of volume 6 chapter 29 (almost end of the story:If you like a story that focus on war strategy in ancient china, and lots of human relationship, this is the story for you. Even better is that this is wuxia story, not xian xia.It has romance, poems, fight scenes, angst, betrayal, disappointment, clever stratagem, out of the box thinking, etc.There are not many books like this. The closest one that I can think of is Lang Ya Bang (Nirvana in fire). The difference is that this book have better romance.This is one of the 2 books that managed to stay 100% so far in wuxia world, while having >10 reviews. (The other 100% is Live, Once Again).

This novel is so good it compelled me to write my first review. The Grandmaster Strategist is in a league of its own when it comes to storytelling and easily among the best I have read on this website.It steers clear of the usual xianxia trope that we are all fond of: MC meets arrogant local young noble, said noble shames MC, MC powers up, kicks his ass (and his family's) with newly acquired flying sword or cultivation technique, MC moves to new region, rinse, repeat.In here, each character's background is fleshed out. There is no good or evil characters: just heroes with different ambitions, authority, power, and in the middle a grandmaster strategist.I only have 3 words to conclude: read it now.

I stopped reading when the translation got dropped. But since that time I've reread the updated chapters 3x already. I am excited for the day the novel is finally finished! Surreal since I started reading when I was in high school and now i've just completed university. Just happy that updates are still happening. Thank you translator!I love the political and scheming plot of this story, so I recommend this to everyone to read. Yes, it may start off slow and confusing but it gets so much better. As a side note I feel people who like this story will also like reading Joy of Life by Mao Ni or Jun Jiuling (sadly the translation got dropped).

I started this novel when it first came to wuxiaworld and then stopped because the chapters were not coming fast enough. This novel is one of those that i remembered and have been waiting for it to get completed or build up enough chapters for me to binge read. Finally i have come back and got my self up to date and the novel is still one of the greatest that i have read. I highly recommend this novel to anyone that likes good storyline, character development, good writing by the author and great translating.*to get my word count to 100.

Probably the best (or one of the best) novels on WuxiaWorldThis novel is unique (in comparison to the other novels here) in that the MC isn't strong. In fact he doesn't even cultivate.  What the MC does have though is many supreme 200 IQ strategies.Every character is well written (including the enemies)!! You also get to see different characters perspectives on events etc.The only downside is that translations are very slow although the actual translation itself is very good (shoutouts to them)Overall I highly recommend this novel but if you can wait, I recommend waiting for it to be fully translated!!𝑬𝑿𝑷𝑳𝑶𝑺𝑰𝑶𝑵 Sect Approves!

I absolutely love this work. I look back and it’s by far the best I’ve read. The storytelling, background, side figures and strategies are are nothing short of impressive. I absolutely love that Suying is so smart and he acts smart too. In many other novels they might say the mc is smart but you really doubt it because you don’t really see it. They either propose unrealistic things or are aided by a system. Suying on the other hand has soundproof strategies and his intelligence is visible in so many situations. And this note I also love the poems. It’s something really unique and I love it. Also as stated above the side characters are given a lot of screen time. It makes it all seem more realistic. That’s really well done. You learn to love every character and they all act reasonable. The villains might hate Suying but are still able to Fontaine it and act logically. If danger approaches they are able to act together and be a threat to even Suying. They make it whole. The only negativ thing to me would be the martial arts part. I know many people love them but I deem them unfit for this kind of realistic novel. I mean there is not much point if one character is as strong as 500 soldiers. But that’s nothing to stop me from loving it. I think I said enough and I recommend it to everyone who wants to read about a well thought world and a smart mc with political and militaristic features.I forgot to mention that I also love the fantasy/ history background. Because the Yuan dynasty in the novel is obviously  based on the Tang Dynasty. It starts with the name of the reigning family Li, which was their family name and goes on with the name of the emperor Li Zhi was an actual emperor of the dynasty. And they too originated from nomads and were famous for their cavalry. So I’m finished. Hope you will give grandmaster strategist a shot.

In the sea of the generic and junk ones, it's one of the books that reminds me what a great story and novel looks like. I am still half-way tho. Every chapter is gold and can't bump read and skim through like others or you will lose the way. I recommend anyone who would like to read a great plot without non-sense young masters shaming MC all the times and bullshit treasures which make MC ascend to the god while just by fking around with the jade beauties. Even for one who don't like wuxia, it is great to read for its amazing story. Highly recommended!!!

The best series in this site. It has everything: schemes, martial arts, cultivation, strategy, polotics, history, and romance. And the poems! The poems intertwined with historical nuance and background ties the plot too well.The character development is also top notch, the main character grows with each arc. His schemes and plans becomes more detailed and more brilliantly executed as the story progresses.The translation is also excellent. The team did well in translating the poems, the names, and the internal history. The appendices of each chapter is greatly detailed. I look forward to the team doing a new series and I hope Wuxiaworld adds more stories like these.

Honestly it is a really good novel  whit well written characters that is truly fleshed out  and you even remember most of them 2 lol, and the world is well build and at least i get good pictures how it looks when i read it so far =D...and then translation is very well done as well as the editing  so a good work to them =^.^=and one important point would i recommend this novel  yea i would  specially for ppl  that like Strategy and tactics play and History based Novel (Fiction)  whit an interesting ploy development as well as a intelligent MC   and a little romance  Content for thos that want some of that, and side note so far all side character are  made whit care and contain a depth as well as development and most appear are  not forgotten true the novel

At first I was dubious at the 100% rating on WWW, which is usually skewed by few reviews, but my god is this novel a masterpiece, well deserving a 10/10. This is my 32nd novel on this site (many more on others), but I certainly say it is one of my favorites. Spent three consecutive days constantly reading this (currently at the latest chapter 217). This novel focuses on strategy and warfare, which is definitely a change of pace for me as my other readings tend towards the more xianxia fantasy sort. I tend to shy away from period pieces, but this had me hooked.The writing is masterful, and the footnotes, MY GOD, I’m so happy to see them. Really helps capture the essence of the language (though ideally read in the native language). I’m technically bilingual in Chinese and English, but am not good enough to fully appreciate the beautiful idioms and poems. I bow down to the author and translator for their hard work. Chapters are long and very informative and requires careful reading, I recommend not skimming through as sometimes the text is rather heavy.I would note that readers will have to endure the political rhetoric of Ancient China courts, the sophistry, bootlicking, and excessive humbleness at some points can be a tiring read; but it really do be like that in Ancient China.The one major ick I have is the rather blatant sexist views people in the novel have against women. I get that it conforms to the worldview of the setting, but doesn’t mean I’m happy about it.

A delight to work through. The chapters dense and frequently use poetry, but the translators have done an excellent job bringing context and providing clear translations for what surely is a herculean task. A truly solid Wuxia series with crafty scheming, frequent political intrigue, epic battles, all while clearly carrying the reader in their journey through the story. The Dramatis Personæ (basically a character glossary) has been quite helpful in remembering the numerous side characters that come back and add depth to the story. The chapters are long and dense with story telling (hence the longer release times for each one), but are thoroughly worth the wait as new elements emerge and previous schemes are addressed. Strongly recommend this to anyone looking for a more classical wuxia series or just anyone that enjoys court politics with excellent writing.

Easily one of the most intriguing stories on WW. Historical military and political intrigue at its finest.  Add in the surprisingly deep characters, brief chapter introductions and consistent motives of the characters and it’s a solid 11/10. Furthermore the translation quality is great and there’s never a moment where things push the reader out of the story.  Even if your here for the cultivation power trip novels, give this one a shot, the quality is worth it and it has a meaningful story to tell the reader. Beware of accidentally losing track of time when you pick up this novel though.

Read this a while ago and eventually caught up to where it was at. Definitely the best translated story I’ve read on WW. Translator and editors have done amazing work.As for the story, it was a change of pace compared to everything else I’d read here. And I loved it. It was fresh and exciting! The story was extremely well thought out and the MC had no tools but his own intelligence. There wasn’t useless information every other line or stupid characters placed there only to provide a villain/challenge. The rating on this story is well deserved.I can’t wait for it to finish so I can dive back in and complete the story.

Why isn’t this novel more popular is beyond me, it’s so perfect that I envy the world they live in 🤭.                             . . .I like the MC, I finally encountered a character that the author doesn’t tell us is smart but the character himself SHOWS us just how smart he is. A literal genius.. . .I like the side characters, they have structure and character and they aren’t forgettable. Sometimes when you read a book with names of characters from other places its hard to remember but here their characters are so strong that no matter how many chapters passes you still remember them.I 100000000%%%% recommend

I would rate this an eight over ten stars.I've enjoyed this novel very much - there is a lot of suspense as well as strategy that the main character comes up with to protect his feeble self. The world building is well thought out as how the main character devises schemes to throw off his enemies as well as recruit new allies.There is a certain element of romance in this story as well. I would say that the romantic parts of the story are well written but it is just enough for the mainstream reader. Overall, I think most readers would enjoy this very much.

This is a good novel, but I would not say it's one of the best.As everyone has written their shares of they liked within the novel, I'll start off with some things I disliked.Firstly, the romance is difficult to understand. In some sense, it's unrealistic and not developed. I get this book is more focused on scheming than romance, so it's just touched on through the periods of time but it's really not written well. The MC is motivated by love, but the idea of that motivation is difficult to understand. It lacks depth. Goes for both of his love interests.The way he builds up his hidden forces and fortunes is also relatively illogical. The MC is of course intelligent, but for him to literally dominate all other strategists makes the rest of the characters look stupid. Now that doesn't mean there aren't any intelligent characters.  It's just I would like to see more than the author writing "this character accomplished this and that" then MC comes in and *wins*.  *Adds in some minor issues.*I guess the best way to say this is that he has plot armor. His right-hand man is a genius in martial arts and by volume 3 can defeat almost top-tier experts.  He's given limited information but still comes up with amazing plans and schemes. Call this his "talent" or whatnot, but it falls short to exemplify a realistic plot.The novel itself also went through some changes and I do see myself liking the earlier volumes than the later ones. Starting from volume 4, it starts to get repetitive. There's basically no setbacks for the MC so I don't expect much from the ending.As written below, the translation is really well done. Regardless of what I wrote above, I still found the book decent enough but it's not a masterpiece. I would recommend giving a go at it.7.5/10

