Where do I even start on this novel?it is famous for being a gateway to many many people to this subculture and medium including me.It has top-notch storytelling at the start and it suffers a bit at the later parts but has great quality overall.Linley Baruch is a great main character who may be a little bland at times. And side characters for select few aren't developed well and could feel like cardboard especially at the latter half of the novel.While in the world-building/' department, it is a great and even maybe the best way to enter this medium with more western and easier to grasp terms and sayings though IET has a bit of a running joke among fans as his descriptions can be a little...big and grand.All in all, I would extremely recommend this to new readers and strongly suggest veterans take a look too. While it may not reinvent the wheel, it has unique plot elements and great storytelling which make it a worthwhile read.

Like many this was the first c-novel i ever read. I can honestly say this is a great novel that really showcases all of the tropes (good and bad) that come with these kinds of stories.The best part about this novel is the world building and the epic sense of scope and scale. This novel still has some of the best, if not the best, action sequences in any novel i have read to date. Absolutely dazzling and had me throwing my fist in the air at how awesome it wasLinley is great as a main character who forges his own path. His personality is a bit stale but he always remains likeable. The side characters tend to get lost in the shuffle becoming more of a mob type which is unfortunate.Overall i definitely recommend this if you're looking for a top tier action novel with epic world building.

It's Coiling Dragon, obviously you should read it! There ya go, now you know. Go on, go read it.*Sigh*I wish I could just end the review there and send you off on your merry way but the reviews demand a word count, ironically just like Chinese LN websites, so I will pad this review as best I can to hit the word count.The story is great, a young boy belonging to a now decrepit clan finds a ring and with it, sets out on a journey through dimensions filled with happiness, sorrow, love, loss and an unending desire to right the wrongs he and his family have experienced. It's a story that once it steps on the gas, it won't let up. Be ready to brace yourself for a hell of a ride!

This is the one that got me into the entire genre. I started reading while it was still being translated and kept looking forward to the next release.During my first read through, there is nothing I would change or critic. After reading it a couple times afterwards, I realized some places it could be improved.The romance is very meh and kinda just there to be able to say there is romance in the novel.There are a couple of things that the author could've expanded on (Maybe having Linley teach his descendants his sculpting method, and more involvement with them in general.) and the ending also seems a little rushed.Despite that being said, the rest of the novel was GREAT, and I would highly recommend this novel to others, even if you've read it before..

Not a single fault of the series comes to mind. How strange. Well, I don't feel like just praising every aspect of it, though I should....Wait! There are a few, unfortunately...---The romance was nothing special, so don't get your hopes up. A little bit of drama, etc. Plus, the love interest...she, uh, isn't written well and, as far as I recall, had very little depth.---A few characters are introduced as very important were unfortunately overshadowed and forgotten pretty quickly without contributing to the plot much at all.However, everything else is really awesome! Especially the setting! Exploring the vast cosmos was a delight.

This is my number 1 favorite story ever on any site. This is the story that got me into Chinese light novels and so on. Honestly, there is nothing really bad about this story other than it's finished and I wish there was more for me to read.I am sure most readers of Chinese/Korean light novels have already read this and if someone has not then they need to stop reading whatever else they are reading and immerse themselves in this story.This story has it all, a great mc a great storyline. No harem and instead it has a beautiful love story that is not forgotten after a few chapters. It has great side characters and villains, and the cultivation in this story is amazing and easy to understand.The only thing I could really say that was kind like not so great was how certain abilities or should I say a cultivation style was pretty much like throwing out the window after a while. I won't go into detail because I don't want to spoil anything but I remember myself and others feeling that it was kind of a let down that certain concepts were forgotten or just plain thrown away later on in the story.Of course, this did not ruin the story it just would have been great if they were kept in and developed.In conclusion, this is the best story hands down. The second best, in my opinion, would be The Desolate Era by the same author.

I eat tomatoes (我吃西红柿）has written a few of my favourite novels,such as Coiling Dragon,Stellar Transformation and The Desolate Era. (Check those out too!)Oddly enough,I find these English translations easier to read than the Chinese versions even though I’m an actual Chinese.I’ve read many novels here in WW,and although I only created an account when the new system came out,hopefully the fact that I chose reading English translations over pirated Chinese copies show how good the quality of the translations here at WW are.Overall,Coling Dragon feels similar to The Desolate Era,and if you liked one you’ll probably like the other.As with the other novels,Coling Dragon has a memorable MC and plot,and is a great place to start with Wuxia novels.Best of all,you don’t have to wait daily for translations~

God tier for this genre. Always will be the novel that got me into this genre, and I even reread it recently - still really good.The worldbuilding is excellent - for this genre, the worlds are almost ALL carbon copies of each other. Same political systems. Same cultures. Same sensibilities. Not this story. The geography is awesome, the enormity of the world feels real, the different cultural values can be seen, and the way the different *worlds* change as the story goes is very interesting. The starting culture Linley is born into resembles the European nobility system - which is very refreshing in this genre.Characters - The more I read this genre, the more I notice its flaws. All the young masters who are so arrogant and annoying, the beautiful women that only exist to turn the audience on or make them mad because another young master kidnapped the mc's "property". Not this. Coiling dragon has characters that have their own motivations, purposes, quirks, and so on that differentiate themselves from the rest of this genre. Not ONCE did I sigh and roll my eyes, thinking a fight was unnecessary or forced by the author. If there is a fight, there is a reason for it. Although not perfect, it's about as close as a story roughly two million (twenty standard novels) long, and translated from another language can be.As others have said, Linley can be a bit 'bland'. I would not necessarily agree, but I can still see where people are coming from. However, I have to rebut this point. Harry Potter, the character, not the book, is one of the blandest and most boring characters around. And yet, he is the MC of the most famous novel in the world. The reason? He allows the reader to easily put themselves int he MC's shoes. This makes the story almost become your own journey but in a different person's shoes rather than watching another person's story whom you may not agree with.Overall, there are flaws, but for this genre, you can easily overlook them. If you cannot, then you definitely won't last more than two story arcs of any other xianxia series. 10/10 WILL REREAD A THIRT TIME.

A very good novel, and the translation was greattoo (it's not always the case, so it should be mentioned).Midway through I felt a bit of slow pace for a time, and couldn't feel where the author wanted to go (which is not necessarily a bad thing), but the second half was worth it.As of today, CD is still in my top 5 (together with the other IET novels).There are only a few novels that combine a good or great base storyline, a good writing, a good storytelling (by an author that hasn't lost his soul to the word count devil) and a good translation. CD is one of them, and one of the jewels on WW!

One of the best novels on the site. I would recommend this to anyone wanting to start reading this genre of novels. The length is perfect, it doesn't feel forced, and the storyline is great. I think the beginning of the novel is the best, but there are surprises along the way and a lot of mythology for Those that like that.The bad- it can be a little bit repetitive. I think this is a flaw with many of the novels - think Dragon Ball Z.. But this novel is probably less repetitive than some of the others.Overall I would recommend this to anyone.

Coiling Dragon is a  good novel.i have read i dont know how many novels here and i like this wuxiaworld website for providing this flatform to everyone.the only this i come accross problem in this novelwhy i can read only 3 chapter here then its shows that if i want to read i need to go to amazonif i want to read it in amazon why i need to go to wuxiaworld.wuxiaworld if we cant read the chapters after book 1 chapter 3 why there is need to mention details of the chapter availble to read.please change it or remove it or directly show the like to amazon to read it thereThank youi hope you understand the frustration of faithful reader

This novel is near and dear to my heart because it has several of my firsts. It is the first chinese webnovel I ever read, it is the first xianxia novel I ever read, it is the first wuxiaworld novel that I ever read, and I read it back when wuxia world was just started by Ren, and the whole translation scene was starting to pick up and there were barely any novels on this site. It is the first IET novel I ever read. It is also the first chinese webnovel that I finished. That's why I know that my view of the novel is biased but I genuinely loved the novel.Yes it does suffer from several of IET's tropes that he still has to this day in his novels. Mainly that there are several important side characters in the story that are completely forgotten, or that the story gets a bit repetitive at times and some of the statements made about the plot are forgotten/reversed. Also IET's exaggeration of distances and numbers to a point where they lose meaning (though if you read enough IET novels this becomes a bit endearing) and his sometimes faulty math is seen in this novel as well.That being said it also has several of IET's great qualities, such as gigantic worldbuilding even though we don't get to go to some of the places mentioned. Innovative cultivation systems with cultivators having different techniques that are based on their cultivation experiences, choices and aptitudes. Great action scenes that leave you satisfied and aren't hard to follow. Amazing techniques that sound and look cool. Hardworking MC that genuinely loves to cultivate and has an amiable character. And this novel specifically also has a story that goes over the pain of a broken heart and how to channel that into productive means without retaining hatred for that person or going after them. The emotions at certain points are also great and touching.Overall I would say this is my second favorite IET novel, just behind LXY, mainly because I really liked Xue Ying's insistence on protecting the weak and his efforts to do that in the cut throat cultivation world. I highly recommend CD to all readers, and especially new readers, as it is a great novel to get into reading Xianxia. I would say it is definitely worth spending time reading it and it is several times better than the average Xianxia novels.When trying to be objective I would probably rate it a 7 or 7.5/10 but the nostalgia and how much I love the elements of this novel would probably boost it to a 8.5 or 9/10 for me. With a 10/10 being something like RI.Ren is also a great translator so you know you'll be getting a quality translation.

I'm not sure why it took me so long to actually come around to reading CD... so far i've only read book 1 &amp; 2 but i'm already hooked and determined to binge the rest.I have to preface that i have read a couple dozen of the more popular novels here on wuxiaworld and CD is probably the only novel that doesn't follow the typical troupe of everyone/everything being against the mc and trying to backstab and sabotage the mc constantly. CD is such a breath of fresh air and i feel genuinely excited in the fantasy aspect of this novel.Anyways, so far 10/10

? why do i have to have an amazon kindle account to read this book? i am a gold member but i am not aloud to read past chapter 3?is this a tech issue perhaps?i hope thast it is a tech issue otherwise its a thumbs down as im not aloud to actually read this book regardless of my membership.it started off OK but i am disappointed that your number 1 book is not available without further purchases or subscriptions.please let me know if this is technical issue so i can change my review as i continue to read.Thanksso far i am enjoying a lot of your books. they have a unique fill and i am enjoying you library.

Enjoy Coiling Dragon? The answer to that question is not really and the reason is simple : There are only 3 pages from the book available on this site , the rest is somewhere else , specifically on Amazon's Kindle thing , you can find links to the stuff in a small comment at the bottom of the 3rd page if you want to give it a shot , but at the very least the details and the synopsis should contain this warning so as not to waste people's time.This is not a review of the book since I only read 3 pages and then got frustrated by the blocked/removed content , hence I can't provide feedback for it , this is more of a request for the site admins to provide an updated description on the content available on the site , since this book is not available here and it is misleading to have descriptions of content as if they are fully available but in reality it just contains a small sample.

First light novel I read that stands out above the rest, I have read countless novels since but this is the best introduction to wuxia anyone could ask for.The story seems to flow well and even though there is alot of it none of it seems to be useless filler.The plot runs deep enough that things mentioned at the beginning are still not fully revealed until the end.There is not much to say except I got so absorbed into this novel that I managed to stay up reading it until sunrise a few times, the amount of absorbing content leaves very little to be desired.Why are you reading this review and not CD? :D

I noticed all the chapters are gone so here are some websites that have ithttps://novelfull.com/coiling-dragon/chapter-1-early-morning-at-a-township.htmlhttps://www.webnovel.com/book/coiling-dragon_8094085105004705#getAppModBut honestly this is a great novel. You should read itFuck this app has a word count... well this novel is honestly very good, I love all the action, going to different dimensions and stuff. And I like the concept as well, I mean “divine sparks”? Like thats shit’s cool. You should give this a try. I also fucking hate how this app has a word count. So I’m gonna complain about that. FUCK WORD COUNT YOU DUMB HOE! WORD COUNT IS SMALL DICK ENERGY

My first introduction into the chinese universe of Xianxia and into the world of web novels I loved everything about it  I don't even know where to start from,i'd rather not spoil it but u won't regret reading this great novel the characters progression is very well done,u can feel how the character grows  and his struggles ,the helplesness so it feels even more rewarding later on in the story ,as a introduction into the world of webnovels i'd say is a pretty good start but with a more western approach if u want to start from somwhere this novel is a pretty good read

Like many others, this is the novel that got me into Chinese web novels. It is really hard to describe how nostalgic this is for me, and how well it stands up even after having read pretty much every other novel on this website. It is one of the most balanced in terms of the "MC is OP but also faces struggles but you always know they'll get through it" type story that is really common in web novels. I genuinely believed it when the OP worked through or a difficult situation, or that they might not come out the winner in a given fight, or whatever.This is one of two novels I've actually read start to finish more than once (the other being ISSTH), and there's a reason for that.

I just finished this a little while ago and I enjoyed it. I've got the memory of a whiteboard so I'll try my best to be brief.Main character is good, his relationships are nice to see and some of the moments in the story really hit hard.Power levels are nice and expanded. It feels nice to actually have an MC that can't directly fight above his level for BS reasons, it's all focused on understanding, which I prefer.Ending felt a bit rushed, basically the last book (I read it on kindle unlimited) felt like it pushed too much content into 1 book. I kinda wish the book was longer just to make the transformations a little more steady but it's not a big deal personally, and the ending itself was good.The world is fine, there was a lot of potential for more settings but the author chose to stick with a few extremely large settings which is fine.I don't feel too strongly about this one as I just read this recently and it wasn't my gateway to the genre, but I think it's good overall. I will say, though, that I still prefer desolate era to this novel, it felt more adventurous and had a stupidly grand scale but I like that. This is overall an easy recommend for me.

Wonderful novelActually I like this novel very much, mc grow up from lower to high level, faced with many earthshaking events. It's actually quite similar to reality in specific love matter, mc got broken man after ex gf leave him, in the period of sadness he also keep improve and know what to do in life.Mc life tragic family members killed but eventually he comes back.. Battle are awesome, power up, element control, love, family, everything seems to me good.Truly its worth to read, this novel should be at the top of recommendation........... Thanks author for this remarkable stuff.

This Novel has sentimental value for me because its the first chinese novel i have ever read also one of my favourite stories.The first arcs are beautiful and the world building is as good it gets (one of the strong points of IET  in my opinion). The characters  are very good and likeable Linley Baruch is one of the best Main Characters in the chinese novels and Doehring Cowart one of my favourites grandpasAt the end the quality drops somewhat and for me it felt slightly rushed but nonetheless i wholeheartedly recommended it and and it should be the must read novel for any new western reader.

Are you looking for a solid book? Then read CD.I really have to give it to IET for compiling such a great novel. There are some imperfections here and there but that's typical in these novels. This is definitely the bridge to xianxia genre since the way its writen makes it easy and the translations are good.Pros- action packed- minor characters have huge impact to the buildup of the main character- the plot twistsCons- typical of IET &gt;&gt; 2/10 romance and harem- Doehring Cowart... sigh- naming is a bit western-ish, not sure if that's a translator thing or author thing. I myself like to keep the original words instead of having a western vibe to the names such as O'Brien which made the "chinese" feel to it a bit less but that's subjective.

This is a good entry novel for western readers unfamiliar with wuxia and xianxia, because this story is mostly western fantasy, with a small portion of wuxia and xianxia.The story is fairly well written, and there are many enjoyable arcs, plot twists, and elaborate schemes. There are very few annoying tropes. There are some amazingly early foreshadowings that don't make sense until hundreds of chapters later. Some parts of the story were bland or stretched out, but they didn't last for too long. There's also a significant amount of repetition, but it wasn't too bad.The universe was fairly interesting, with many memorable locations, but there was also a lot of boring, wasted space. The power system was mostly standard elemental magic, but it had some unusual additions that totally changed things.The characters are all fairly respectable, even the forgettable side characters. Almost no one acted in a way they shouldn't have (very few brainless young masters here) and their actions were very understandable. The immortals and long-lived characters actually had a reasonable level of intelligence and maturity and didn't act like children.The main character went through several stages of development, most of which were very compelling. The emotional changes were especially striking. I really appreciate that he stuck to his morals and didn't let his power go to his head like a typical wuxia protagonist. Unfortunately, his overconfidence prevented him from learning from many of his mistakes.There are also a lot of great moments from the other characters that really made them stand out (even some good romance). That became rare in the later parts of the story, even amongst the main cast. After each arc, most characters, including many important characters, are given no further development, even the ones that occasionally appear again.There are several things that I wish the author expanded on and continued writing about (descendants, countries, stone sculpting, etc). I would welcome another hundred chapters of that.The prose itself is mostly plain, but there are times when it becomes more vivid. In particular, there are some fantastic action scenes, cultivation scenes, and emotional scenes. I really wish more of the novel was written like that.Overall, this was an enjoyable read that I might even reread at some point, and I definitely recommend it. 7.5/10.

Honestly bro, anybody who got shit to say about "Coiling Dragon",Fight Me! Lol... Seriously though, read this about three or four years ago and you can't go wrong with this novel... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..  .. ... ... ... ... .. ... ... .. .  ... .  .... .. ... ... ... ... ... .. ... .  ... .  ... . .. ... .  .. .. .... .. . .. ... .. ...  .. ... ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . .. .... ... ... Here's your min 100 word review ya bastards! :D

Destroyer of Fire and Ice was a very anime vibes novel and even still it didn't give me the impression of... dull, and feeling dazed at the beginning and yet, this one not only did just that; it also gave me the feeling of wasting my time, i... i don't think there is a positive way to explain this; is like every single thing is a burden in my eyes and makes me narrow mine any time i'm reading it.I usually read - check mobile game on pc and keep reading about 3-6 minutes (when i'm getting bored at a novel without skimming). And when i'm not that interested in a novel, and wanna give it a try i go open some gaming streaming or gameplay, hell even look for other stuff on novelupdates. But this one i was very interested, so many high up-votes reviews, and even if it's wuxiaworld, where or you are on one side of the fanbase in the novel or you read in another language (experience :^)-); so i'm still gonna give it what i believe it deserves.There is nothing wrong with the writing, it's there, how it should be alright. But is the style of it what makes me... (actually) cringe; is a strange one and a new one for me, is really really unexpected. I read WMW before this, dropped around twice or thrice before finally leaving that *sounds of falling down the stairs*zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz- and knew that Plagiarist did a huge one in this okay, but i can assure that, i, by no means feel like this is thanks to that; the novels i enjoy so much and am glad i got the time to start reading started with me giving the same spot as the very first one i read Tales of Demons and Gods, and as i did i could find what i wanted to keep reading and what i not; but it didn't took much time for me to find another taste; and that was- novels that i just felt completely wrong about and disappointed. And this one is a mix between the ones are not for me and the ones i can't understand how is it so one-sided to its readers.To not go on more and more (which i would prefer, but i don't believe at all this is worthy of it); i felt weirded out, cringe, expectations being pushed back into my chest as if i was wronging the novel for it, and what else feelings like 'there is something which definitely isn't right' while narrowing my eyes and wrinkling my nose.Couldn't bear to continue it.

I've been reading cultivation novels for about two years now. I believe this should be the number 1 novel recommended to new readers from the west after they binge the cradle series by will wight. It is by far the easiest Chinese novel to get in to. I have a hard time remembering Chinese names and it gets confusing to remember who xu fin is when there is also a xu finl, xu finral, and a xuie fang (made these names up to make a point). This novel doesn't have a bunch of subtle daoist/confucius/buddah and other Chinese mythos that are hard to understand without reading up on them for a bit.The characters are written well enough, the world building is great, and it maintains quality from start to finish. Once you get more familiar with Chinese mythos, then you can enjoy other books as well. I've enjoyed desolate era, I shall seal the heavens, city of sin, and child of light now.This is still my favorite novel in this genre and I've reread it twice now. Hopefully I can find another one that I enjoy enough to reread again. Still searching!

One thing I wanted to say. I've read over 4 COMPLETE cult. novels w/ over 2000 chapters each novel, and the coiling dragon HAS NOTHING IN RELATION TO ANY OF THEM!! DEFINITELY A MUST READ BECAUSE EVERYTHING HERE IS OG AND YOU WONT SEE STUFF LIKE THIS ANYWHERE ELSE. THE ROMANCES ARE GOOD-ISH, BUT THE CONCEPTS ARE COMPLETELY NEW!Now some filler for word count...Now some filler for word count...Now some filler for word count...Now some filler for word count...Now some filler for word count...Now some filler for word count...Now some filler for word count...a aWhy can't I submit this review Ihave 100 words already.

(EDIT)Okay I finally finished reading this story!I think the best thing about this story is the world building and the pacing. It feels like the author created a huge universe and planned everything out and then zoomed in really really close to one tiny part of the universe and then slowly, slowly zoomed out. At the end it feels like having gone on a big journey. I also liked that this story doesn't have a harem.There are quite a few translation mistakes or some unnatural English but I didn't think it was a big deal. I felt like some aspects of the story got a little neglected or felt slightly off, for example, *SPOILERS* the MC not really caring much about his children or spending any time with them... never really talking much about gaining insights into water or a lot of the other elements, why was the MCs soul shaped like a sword? It seemed to be related to destruction but he never used it.. etc.

So I’m a little biased as this book was my first of the wuxia genre.On that note this is the greatest book I have ever read in my life. I literally slept only 3 hours a day so I could wake up early to read this and go to bed let. The emotionAl roll a coaster this series put me on was like nothing I ever experienced. I would get so involved with the characters I would throw my phone across the room while reading and crying with all the heartaches. Such a beautifully well told story, I kind of feel like the ending got rushed. Development just grew by leap and bounds with every chapter which kept things exciting but left a little out for side character development. Other than that I’ve read this series at least 10 times and it such an amazing ride each time. So if you can get ready and strap in for an amazing read.

Good book with enough detail and a compelling plot.  And as is often not the case the translation was pretty damn good too. The best part about this novel is the world building and the epic sense of scope and scale.This story has it all, a great mc a great storyline. No harem and instead it has a beautiful love story that is not forgotten after a few chapters. It has great side characters and villains, and the cultivation in this story is amazing and easy to understand.While in the world-building/' department, it is a great and even maybe the best way to enter this medium with more western

First of all, I'm sorry to post the comment using google translate.Why do I definitely recommend the series?There is no harem, the main character uses the 'main character skill' and does not throw a single at everyone. I especially liked the character development.But as with everything, this series has its bad points, but I will not mention them. other comments are already mentioned.I suggestI am trying to fill 100 words from this paragraph. how are you I hope you are fine. I hope the effects of covid 19 are about to end while reading this comment. still 100 words have not been filled, but I am sure I have written more than 100 words. why did I encounter such an error? do you have it? Anyway, things like that happen, right?

i lost my "virginity" with this books, it will always be the first and best chinese webnovel i read..at that time the community and me is waiting for release of the chapter everyday is so much fun...thank you to Ren for translating this and IET for writing a great books (as ive said from noobs point of view and i can enjoy to the fullest).shit, still not 100 words... i will share this recipe from goofgle then,ICED PEACH GINGER TEA :Add the sliced peach and green tea bags to a 1 quart mason jar or pitcher.Skewer the sliced ginger coins on a toothpick, if desired, to make them easier to remove later, and then add them to the jar.Pour the hot water into the mason jar, and allow to steep for 15 minutes. Then, remove the tea bags.Place into the fridge to completely chill for 3-4 hours for the flavors to release.

Wowwww just amazing, i dont know what to say, just a month ago i was reading the reviews, and now im writing one.... I never really write a review, but after reading this book! I just had too! Get my emotions out, it was just amazing i felt like i was on an adventure, going through different worlds seeing different things ings, like i was watching this all happen, it was good amazing 98% throughout the book just 2% sometimes it dragged on and put me to sleep, but the other 98% just frigging awesome!! I just cant believe its ended, trust all the reviews and go read it now, you wont be disappointed, you will actually be happy to go on this journey off life and death, romance, sadness, utter happiness, and even expressing your joy.This is my first ever read properly, i read one book 15 years ago.... Now 15 years later after reading this, i am wondering what to read next. I hope tp find Something as amazing as this!!Go read.

I really love the story, the characters, the emotions it was really there...... i always read but I'm hoping there will be coiling dragon book 9 or volume 9..... i cant wait.......for the next book i hope this will be available in book store.I do really really hope......That's why I'm so thankful for the people behind this book.... when i always read in the kindle its really worth of my time to read it....thank you writer  and thank you translator.... iloveyou both deep in my heart i was really inlove....... heart heart heartAlways lynne labyu all ciao 😘😘😘😘

When CD was being translated here. Was the moment that I jump into reading Novel.Good story, nice character, plot was not forced. Nothing i can find bad on this novel, only some regret. But its life right. Nothing perfect. But thats the thing that make this novel seems so natural.But, why do i read this first??!!!! no novel that i read now, reach this standard, now other novel seems not good enuf for me..Only ISSTH, ST, and DE was on par to this..Aaaa anyone can recomend me good novel that being trainslated now?If you agree with my novel above. Ur recomend will likely be liked by me too

This LN holds a special place in my heart since it was the first one I ever read, at least the first complete, long and super enthralling story. Before this I had read [Tales of Demons and Gods] and while I really liked it, there just wasn't nearly as much story.Anyways back to this. I need to re-read [Coiling Dragon], followed by [Stellar Transformations]. I'm not sure if I favor them so much because they were my first LNs (aka bias), because they're just genuinely that good, or both lol. But they're due for a re-read, that's for sure!

This was my first ever novel, absolutely amazing, I remember they had just made the first volume a physical book when I finished. I wonder if I remember characters names still... Bebe was a little mouse with a strong body, Linley the earth boi with dragon transform that goes brrr. It has been a long long time, and seriously guys just read it, Stellar Transformations was another REALLY good one I read in the beginning of my day. My last recommendation from my beginnings is Desolate Era, you can tell I stuck to one author for a while, hahah ah

This is the first cultivation/wuxia novel that I have read, and I have to say that this book is what got me started on these type of genre. The Main Character is overall a good person and a hardworking one as well. In the beginning, it's mostly about his training, finding his gold fingers, and his school life. Then, Linley starts on his road of cultivation -- which is the actual fun part.To be honest, these kind of novels that don't contain those face-slapping characters are really rare, and the writing style is also very unique. The only thing that I will say about this novel is that the ending is a bit too rushed. Overall, it is a good book to read. I highly recommend it.

Alright so I read this novel on Kindle since it is not available here anymore.How to describe this? It is a very, very good story, but the end left me a bit disappointed. Through the 8 books we encounter many well-written characters, plenty of action, and a coherent cultivation system. This is one of the best novel of this genre, and I felt that it had a shot at being my overall favorite. But the end... To say it's disappointing doesn't do justice to the rest of the story, but there's no way around it either: it is bad.*What comes next may spoil you, so be careful*Over the last 20 or so pages, you learn more about the world than over the 4000+ pages of the 8 books. All of a sudden, the MC gets countless times stronger, meets someone even stronger, that person tells him he's from a small world while he himself created 5 such worlds...I dont wan't to give people the idea that Coiling Dragon is not great, because it absolutely is. Unfortunately it would have needed one more book to have a satisfying end. All things considered, I'm just frustrated, and that can't erase the good time I had reading the whole thing. I recomend everyone give it a try.

It's been many years now since I read it, but from what I remember i enjoyed it, especially before he ascends to another world. His early growth, expanding is power and  influence and confrontation with the first major antagonist was a good read. Later on, side characters start to become more and more irrelevant, but the world building and overarching plot stays good.Romance is a bit meh but that's pretty much to be expected, if anyone knows about a novel with good romance please let me know, I'd like to see this mythical creature with my own eyes.It has a bit of a western fantasy setting, so there's no need for background knowledge on taoism or buddhism.

Very enjoyable read!This was the first Chinese novel which I actually completed (I had read around 1000 chapters of The King's Avatar before this), and it was a really great experience. I really loved the power-system in this one, elemental stuff is always a treat to read. I think that Linley is a pretty basic protagonist, but that doesn't necessarily mean he's bad, I think his interactions with his friends and family are very charming. I think the general consensus is that the story is stronger in the first half (and I'm inclined to agree) but honestly the second half wasn't bad at all in my opinion, even if it had some slow parts to it. I would definitely recommend this for a read if you haven't read many webnovels before, though maybe if you've already read a lot then you may want to find something a little more suited for your tastes.

Literally the first light novel I ever read, coiling dragon introduced me to the world of light novel which I had first started years ago. To this day I still remember waiting for new chapters of coiling dragon everyday and the old format of wukiaworld. It was one of those memories I thoroughly cherish, this light novel had completely made me immersed in this type of world for the first time. At first it was strange to see characters called each other brothers and sisters but later realised it was the cultural norm.Overall I highly recommend reading this light novel, this is one of the few light novels I actually managed to finish as I was up to date with it throughout. The other light novels I have read are still ongoing and often find myself losing touch with them unlike this novel. Nothing but amazing stories when I remember the story of this light novel, the different worlds and stuff was eye opening :).

This was the first novel I've read and it was what got me into everything Wuxia. An honestly just all light novels and now I have problems because I read more than I should because there's so many that are so good and I have shit I need to get done but reading gets in the way now. Honestly just a phenomenal novel. And one of the first I always recommend to anyone who's trying to get into the genre and just light novels in general. 10 out of 10 can't recommend enough Love this thing. I'm not kidding go read it.

It does a great job at combining western and Chinese elements into the story. The story has good pacing and progression, and the overall plot works pretty well.It does drag a little in the later parts, and the ending does seem a little rushed, but I don't think that any parts gets boring enough to drop the novel, and the ending doesn't ruin the reading experience for you. One disappointing aspect is the romance, but that is a general weakness that I've seen for the author.It's a relatively linear story-line as we keep with the MC 90% of the time. I find a good comparison might be to Naruto, as both are great introductions to the media and for better or worse strongly cater towards the teenage male audience. It's a classic in the translated scene and I think is a must read to at least help find what aspects of CN appeal to you.

hm well like many others this was the first novel i read on this site and followed to the end and got my interest in wuxia novels going =D  ,It has a truly top-notch Storytelling and  starts bit slow whit Introduction to the world and our MC's family and ofc the mc him self,   And as a Main character he is maybe a bit bland specially first part of the novel  but get more character later in the novel as for side characters they are all good but get a bit paper or cardboardy towards ending exept the Important once and a select few.and for the world-Build  it is truly done in a superb way and make it easy to grasp Terms and saying as well a easy explained about it's cultivation system even for beginners,and such i would defensibly recommend this novel to others and extremely so to new readers   and experiences once should also give it a read  2 don't think you would regret giving it a chance at-least  =^.^= MEOWps the romance is a bit week but Combat makes up for it =D

This novel got me into wuxia. I like how it follows linley's life and has great world building. I started reading this very early on in the translations. I became so enthralled with the story, that towards the end I was supporting it on patreon just to get more. Not all, but most of the time the chapters leave you thirsting for more. It starts off a little slow but by book 2, I guarantee you won't put it down and want to see what happens next. Of all the wuxia I have read since this novel, it is hands down the only one that I have reread more than once

A classic which every wuxiaworld reader should give a go at some point, especially since it is comparatively short, being a novel which won't take weeks on end to properly read.The story, in my opinion, is great at all points, being a novel which, counter to my experience with most novels (and pieces of entertainment in general) I have come to appreciate even more over the years of reading many similar novels. By today's standards it isn't revolutionary, but it is where much of all this began, and it does what it does very well, with enough uniqueness to entertain even those veterans who somehow have not yet given it a try. FYI, I read this just as it was finishing and have re-read it approximately 3 and a half times since; I oftentimes go back to re-read some of my favourite sections from the first half and end up not being able to stop myself.

This story is basically about bros before hoes, a super loyal mouse and one wife that always sticks by the man.  The blood brother won't put his life on the line though.  This doesn't make sense, because in reality its the blood relation that will put their life on the line, not any of these other characters.  Author must be living in some crazy delusional world.There is no harem either, and thats good.  But author makes sure all other women besides the wife, carry a torch for the MC for the rest of their life and all end up dieing lonely.  So what was the point of even writing about these other women?  Its a waste of chapters.  You won't have a harem, in a fantasy novel where harems are normal.  Thats fine, but don't write about other women then.  Its a waste of time.

A great epic which was the start of it all.Coiling Dragon is a great novel and it's mainly about the story of a boy from a small town growing up, overcoming tribulations and rising up to become the most powerful of them all.In classic I Eat Tomatoesstyle there's plenty of cultivation, one love interest and plenty of sidekicks and villains to go around. I loved reading it and hope anyone interested would try it out. It's definitely a great novel to start reading fast-food novels or just Xuanhuan/Xianxia novels overall.It’s over. Coiling Dragon is over. Thank you RWX for transalting this fantastic novel.

One of my favorite Light Novels, the first i ever completed. So good that i've read it start to finish twice. I'm actually glad there isn't a harem element,  it focused more on the main character instead. Except that first love interest, damn that hit me hard.There are a few rough parts that could be improved upon, but that is to be expected. Few character become irrelevant when they use to be very important.So many names to keep track off and then they just disappear. which is valid point as  he is exploring such a vast world in the novel.

One of the first novel I have read on WW with DE.Funny thing is I knew the title by the comicweb/manga. I thought it was not too bad but the release were not frequent which led me to the novel...:)What a great thing. The novel is so much better! Linley is a good character, well built with time, typical but cute. Ruthless and decisive when needed but doesnt forget his roots.The universe is also quite rich, there is another novel "stellar transformation" that can be consider part of it too but it is attached to CD, maybe just the ending.Most of the story, plots, characters developement are standard but not it works well.Overall a great novel (relatively short for a chinese one too compared to many other hosted on the site). I rate it at 8.5/10

CD is definetly on of my favorite novels on here and will always have a special place in my heart as it introduced me into this whole subculture.Positive (where do I even begin...):- The whole setting (cultivation system, planes,...)- The whole Yulan Plane arc is brilliant- Bebe is definetly the best sidekick ever- So much more!!!- Best of all:... well since its a spoiler I'm not gonna tell you, but once you are through, consider when the main bad guy was first set up!Negative:- Some awesome side characters get forgotten or become very bland characters without personalities- The infernal plane starts of pretty weak but it definetly picks up later on- The romance has so much potential and is actually set up pretty nice but turns out to be quite boring...All in all still definetly a must read!

Nothing much to say.Story is best, got drama, romance, nice setting and lot of exploring adventure which is enjoyable..Take a seat and give your time to read this beautiful novel...Mc is very caring of his friends and families goes to the extreme to save them. Steady growth and character development and regrets of Mc too and of course there is betrayals too.Sign* I will give it 8/10..Recommend and should give it a try..Well there's nothing else to say I am satisfied with the novels story conclusions and overall development it was a good worth to read....

This was the book that introduced me to Chinese literature. It is written so well. And every book has a perfect climax. The scenes are non repetitive as the main characters power grows with the novel. It may be extremely long but it presents a new blood rush to the mind everytime you access a new book. The main characters climb from the bottom to the summit can be traced step by step and the beautiful thing about these novel is that the supporting characters are so well organized. The naming concept is also great and unlike other Chinese Xianxia novels you can actually remember most of the names even at the end of the novel. This book gave me chills I remember going for days without eating just trying to get done with it. Great work I eat tomatoes and more so to the translators I say kudos

I picked up this novel after stumbling upon it's manga (manhua?) and reading through everything up to that point. Searching for more chapter, being impatient, landed me on this site while Coiling Dragon was still being translated. I read voraciously, catching up to the translation's pace in a matter of weeks. This novel is hands down the greatest on Wuxiaworld. The main character is interesting, and he meets interesting characters along the way; the story is riveting and has many twists and turns; and a most, if not all, of the plot points are resolved. If anything, I wish his friends had gone along for the ride, as I initially believed that his friends would always be there with him, forming a super party. I enjoy stories about camaraderie, but I can't say that I'm disappointed in how it turned out. I love how from start to finish, Linley fought to gain power and that there were no major power-leveling sections, just boosts to his power.

The flagship novel of this website, a must read for anyone looking to get into Chinese novels. A small disclaimer though, the nostalgia is strong with this onePros: I don't think there was a single boring moment in this novel. Every single arc is a good arc, even the "less interesting" ones near the end were still entertaining. The book is a real page-turner, and dilates time like no other novel can. You'll start reading at 10pm and only remember to sleep when the sun starts rising through the window.Cons: If you're looking for romance, there isn't much to look at here. Some of the characters come into the story for a bit and then are just... forgotten by the end (Looking at you, Haerwho).

This was my first Wuxia story and completely blame CD for my current addiction to reading such stories. Very nice story progression from a naive boy to a immortal. The character progression was one of the best I have seen. The cultivation before and after ascension both were very well explained. I have almost never seen any books that had such well thought out cultivation theory. It was fun reading the laws for each element.MC has the best personality. The ending was satisfactory.Plus the world building was very detailed and the MC experienced a lot of it.Recommend the story. The translation was very good. Thank You.

This series has a lot of great characteristics such as: very good pacing, his people are never really forgotten, fighting is amazing and not drawn out, but the best part is the ending is GOOD. First novel I had ever bought through kindle, and I'm so glad I decided to try and read it again.Only cons I could think of would be towards other characters. IMO they are more on the bland side (like the romance lul) than interesting which kind of makes me sad.I would rate this novel a solid 7.5/10 mostly from the progression, mc, and ending.

One of the reasons for the increased popularity of translated novels. A brilliantly written story, with great world-building and an excellent plot. Linley is definitely an excellent character, but Lord Beirut is my true favourite. The romance is lacking, but I like that since I'm not much of a romantic. Definitely better than a giant harem where you can't remember the names of the wives.In my opinion, the covers on the amazon books aren't the best. I'd prefer something better drawn.. . . . . . . .  . .  .  .  . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . .

Nem sequer dá pra ler, terminei os 3 primeiros capítulos e depois pedia para pagar... Se alguém puder me dizer onde posso ler grátis...? Tem que haver mil palavras int... Me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude a encontrar um site que tenha grátis. Sou um leitor iniciante e não sei muitos sites de novels boa. Me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude, me ajude.

I started reading novels thanks to this one ! I war really fond of it, litteraly reading all of it in two-three weeks !I think it's a classical one, the Mc is interesting, not a push over, but keeping it aloof and nice.The world around the story and the mythology of it is what makes me like this story and feel absorbed in it ! Thanks to that i started to sometimes have weird dream where my clothes talk to me but don't worry it should be ok if you're not named Leylin !I recommend it strongly, thanks for the work ;)

@chCompleteThe standard for Chinese novels and the book that started the magic of WW.Not a perfect book by any stretch, but a wonderful introduction to the genre and establishing baseline of expectations for differences in tropes and culture.  Descriptions are especially good conveying the sense of scale that western novels tend to lack.  It's the primary reason I like the author's work.Power system is easy to understand/remember, characters are moderately developed and are revisited.Does start to feel a bit repetitive/OP later on due to some hand waving meditation, but at least it makes sense internally.Overall, it's what I use as a marker to evaluate the genre.  Great starting off point for newbies.  Would recommend.7/10

First novel and my favorite for life. Linley, leylin, bebe and every one made my days in my adolescence. Thank you!The experience of a life time, you need to be prepared to go all stages a normal adult goes by as responsibilities and pains accumulate and makes us who we are. The love, the battle, te passion, the focus, the discipline to endure hard times knowing that it is the best to have a better future. This novel should be read not only with the perspective of being a novel, but with one that we goes through our life. As I am from a developing country, I can see this as the life of someone that is from a small town in search for the meaning of their life and being financial independent with their enterprise.

One of my first novels on WW and it was good.Interesting world, plot and characters. I do remember not liking the cultivation methods much towards the end of the novel, at max level, where it was almost scissors paper stone match between characters. However, that is part of the unique aspects of the novel.All in all, there is some really good adventure scenes and epic fights. It has its shortcomings similar to lots of novels where side character development is negligible in progression. I won't put it as overwhelmingly recommended because that is just setting you up for disappointment, it is somewhere in-between good and great read.

One of the best light novels I read! It has an atmosphere you will not forget for a long time.The worlds the author describes so vividly will make you feel eager to read and not let go until the very end.The characters are very detailed and you will find yourself love them and love to hate some of them.Linley Baruch might be a bit unlikely hero, but your enthusiasm for him will grow as he grows and you will cheer for him like I caught myself cheering quite a few times!A must-read light novel for all enthusiasts with a certain freshness that will thrill you.

This is the best gateway Chinese novel and it paved my path to many other novels!  This was the first novel i ever read and I immediately fell in love with it.  The character are fleshed out, the story is intriguing and the world is very detailed.  I love that the author doesn't just use filler to extend the novel and instead used every chapter to make you more invested with the characters.  I laughed at their adventures and I cried with them too.  When I finished the novel I was sad that I had to leave such a large part of my childhood.  This is a wonderful novel that everyone should read!

I remember Coiling Dragon being one of the few key reasons I got into reading Chinese novels, the exact path being finding Douluo Dalu on some aggregator site and then discovering it was based on a book, which somehow lead me to this site. I remember that I finished reading all the chapters that were out in 3 days because I was so engrossed, basically cutting into sleep and anything else to binge read this book, thank god that by the time I caught up, the very last translated chapter was released here because I don't know how I would've waited for it.

I read the first book on a whim because I was bored and wanted to read, little did I know in the next week I would read up to the eighth book. 8/10 on storytelling, character development  9/10. Overall I would recommend this to people who like a Mc who is not scared in front of the weak and not arrogant in front of the strong. I will say after reading 7 out of the 8 books{On Amazon there are only 8} the world-building aspect was detailed a lot more than most novels like Martial World Or {Put another generic type of novel where mc bully a young  master then young master gets beaten by Mc then young master gets a dad, mom, aunt, uncle, rinse, wash, repeat}.

A really great novel!Only thing is that it suffers a bit after the first half of the book;Along with the later chapters suffering a lot in the character development department, with many side characters feeling like 2 Dimensional fictional tools for the plot, that aside the world building is amazing and definitely is IET strongest suite.But it is still a great read!I'll also add that the end doesn't feel like a cheap cop out with it tying up the vast majority of loose ends.Although the books cost money, about 5 dollars Aud, it is still worth it and you're able to support the creator and their work.So, overall I do recommend this for anyone who is looking for a Xianxia to start on.

I first read this series about 2 years ago, and I was blown away. I had never known about this genre before coiling dragon, and now I have read a LOT of this wuxia/xuanhuan. This is an amazing series. The progression of Linley's power is amazing. I'll always love this series. I highly recommend this series to anyone looking for a good read. There is almost no repetition. There is action, romance, heartbreak, tragedy, and plenty of cultivation. The only pet peeve that I have is that the phrase " In the blink of an eye " is used A LOT.

This was the first book I read on this site when it was just starting to be translated, it was also my introduction in wuxia / xuanxia. Even now it still sticks with me and though I forgot most of it in the interim of when it was first completed, I still enjoyed and loved reading it a second time years later. I will not say it is the best story I have read but it is one of the top stories that has stuck with me. It does not fall into the habit of some books of introducing a lot of people and just forgetting them latter, that main character does not become aloof or heartless and still thinks about his family and friends even if he does not develop much as a character.

First, i dont write many reviews and english isnt my first language.I want to say to other follow readers this story may be the best story from one of the best wuxia-authors out here with a strong focus on worldbuilding and character lvl-up from nothing to more then just godly strength.if you like a long story about lvl-up, epic fights and a decent amount of revenge, friendship and a unique sidekick...this is for you.even more if you like fantasy and magic, but dont expect to much-still it his only atempt on something like a westernstyle magic so far.mhm, there arent many downs..and i hope you still give this epic novel a read(i read it 3 times so far)the mc ist from the beginning involved with the endboss, trough is mother and very early trough his pet. karma and fate-reading arent a theme here, but if there are gods, fate and karma should be something to tough about it. that i want to say is, the mc would perish very early or may not even be made it to chapter one. cleverness and int doesnt scale well behind the mortal realm :/but still, it is a great read even if you compare it to stephen king or anne rice.ok, it is quite a bit to read if it your first webnovel or wuxiatheme, but its unique points are strong enough to hold you tho the end. i hope i live long enough to see a cgi-only series from this between real-life-action and animestyle. would be the best fit. the mangaversion is just silly. this story should be on paar with dragonball, it gives me the same strong impact.

Its definitely the flagship of wuxiaworld because it is that good. Honestly, Ren made a great work here translating this novel and making it accesible to western readers.There is so much that is great about this novel that even tho its easy to find some flaws here and there, it  just doesnt matter because everything else is so beautifully executed. Its really a masterpiece and i cant recommend it enough.I wont give details on what exactly make this novel great because its better to read it and find out for yourself. Its such a great journey from begining to end.

To date, this is STILL the only story on this site I've finished. I've done like 1000 chapters of issth, 1400 chapters of MGA, a tonne of against the gods, emperor's domination, martial world etc and I just can't make it past the point where the authors just start adding power levels and realms to extend their story. This novel doesn't really do that, in fact my main critique is that the ending is somewhat sudden and too fast. Highly recommend it if you enjoy reading stuff on this site as it beats most others IMO. It's not perfect, but it was good enough to finish.

sadly people have to read this on other site nowblah blah blah blu blu ble ble huhuhuhuhuhok whart i like in this is that its easy to read. the character of lenley is likable and the plot is not so complicated , the relationship of lenley and wife is so great as will... she is noot so talented as lenley but she is always by lenleys side. this the only novel i remember that the mc's wife is always with him, having quality time together but not holding back his growth watsoever...the cheat ring is a great plot too its so usefull when he ascended to divine realm.  last words blah blah slosloso huhuh

A really good novel! It isn't perfect, but it was the first chinese novel I actually completed. Our main character, Linley Baruch, was truly blessed by the heavens. He had everything, such as talent, finding treasures, and luck. The only thing he didn't have was the ability to save Grandpa Doehring. I think the reason why this novel was so good besides my bias is even though everything working out for MC wouldn't be that good, it isn't your typical MC like from Renegade Immortal or RMJI. He had everything from the start, and we just witnessed his journey to the peak. I don't really know how to explain what I felt when I completed this novel, but I did know that I felt a tinge of sadness when it ended and I felt sad for Grandpa Doehring's fate, as he was probably the most important character other than Linley.

Still one of the best series. I highly recommend it for anyone stepping into the genre. The books are super cheap on amazon and well worth the price. I have gifted several to my friends and family.From start to finish, the story is interesting and fun to read. There are twists, tears, revenge and redemption. It will keep you guessing throughout and we go along with Linley and his family across the world.I won't give away anything so the best thing I can say is start and see what you think by the end of book 1. You wont be disappointed.

I highly recommend this series if you like fantasy.You like Lord of the Rings? You like magic? (You like kingdom building? You like large scale battles then this is the one for you. Those two things will come a little later )Then this is the one for you! The first 40 chapters here serve to explain the world! Therefore, it may be that you are a little bored! Nevertheless, you should not stop the series! Otherwise you will regret it!You will cry you will fever with the characters. The MC is not a badass who can destroy everything and everyone directly and is also not op! That also no HARAM where he gets every woman.At first I was a bit skeptical to get 24€ for all 8 books on Amazon but it was definitely worth it. So far I have read 3 of 8 books and would spend another 24€ whith this kind of story. It is not a Lord of the Rings where everything is written in detail but it comes very close. What bothers me a bit is that you have not added the TAGS I described above! Otherwise I would have bought this much earlier and read! This is by far the best Kingdom Building Simulator I have read so far!If you like this series, then you will absolute resonance also celebrate! (Unfortunately still incomplete) :(

Right, by all means coiling dragon is not a bad series. But one thing that really annoys me is the ridiculous speed of his progression. In the early chapters they spend several chapters glorifying saints and even people at the 8th rank and then a mere 100 chapters later He has become stronger than these people.The romance isn’t introduced poorly and it’s done quite well until he actually gets with Delia but after that literally nothing happens at all with her.Anyway it’s basically all personal complaints yet coiling dragon is actually a well written series, just not for me tbh.

Definitely one of the best novels, with a solid story and high quality translation.Before reading this, I read MGA, ISSTH and others. Due to many good reviews on this novel I read it too and soon captured by the writer's story. One nice thing om Coiling Dragon is once you finish reading it,there are several other novels related to the story from the same authors. You will have a broader imagination without the painful of going through repetitons in the story. Those are 82 words already. People should understand the difficulties of writing a good novel and translating it in a way that keeps the environment of the original writings. Awesome

Legitimately one of the best books in the genre, an instant classic that gives you the flavor of chinese novels. Er Gen is one of the best, and this is possibly the most accessible chinese entry novel there is. The start is the best part, but the story doesn't feel rushed until the very end. The world building aspect of the novel is also very well done, and you get a good idea of what it must be like in this universe. The main character has moments of plot armor but overall it is a very believable story. Would recommend

One of my favorite.. Best.. Most bestest books.I've read a couple of wuxia novels and i have to admit that this.. Thus right here is...How i found it, was me requesting a book similar to aa monarch book i read earlier which had about 13000 pages lol(find out about the book yourself, it's very good).. And then i got coiling dragon ring as a recommendation.At first it started off ordinary slow but interesting but as tine went on i couldn't stop reading it. It took me.. What? 3 to 4 months to finish reading this book. Thank you authors

This novel is included in the novels that I read for the first time in my life.The novel is good, the character is not OP even until the end he is fighting someone more powerful than him until he got something like an "epiphany" and boom he broke through and won. He becomes one of the universe's masters (or God in the universe of the author). You can read the manhua and the novel at the same time for more imagination. This novel will make you feel like laughing, crying, angry, and more complicated emotions until the end.For your information, this novel timeline is more early than Stellar Transformation if you read it thoroughly you can find the hint. Of course, you can read ST before reading CD because their story is different. And I like their similarity, which is they have a beast companion accompany their journey!

Overall fantastic novel. The story is interesting, the plot is intricate and the repetitiveness is to a minimum. The characters are detailed and the author does a good job developing them.However, while reading, it’s frustrating during many of his battles because the MC has moments of ret@rded indecisiveness which causes his enemies to either win or escape or his team/subordinates dying. And other times he is too confident and then ends up screwing something up during the battle. It’s not the smartest MC.Example during a heated battle: “Ah, why am I standing here like an idiot? I need to flee, that’s what matters.” Linley instantly came to his senses and stopped his pondering.However, these problems he causes himself also allows the story to develop further because new issues arise. So it’s not always the typical cookie cutter “OP mc killing young master and then done.”I would definitely recommend the novel. It’s fun, engaging and easy to read. 8/10.

From what Ive been able to tell, Coiling Dragon is usually one of the top novels when some someone asks about recommendations, either for themselves or for friends, on breaking in Eastern Fantasy/webnovels.  Personally, I'd say that this is probably the best novel for a first timer.I'm a big fan of the author, Desolate Era is probably my favorite overall read, but this one is just as good.  It's the average I Eat Tomatoes story, stable and stalwart hero starts from humble roots and slowly becomes the best in his town, kingdom, empire, world, galaxy, universe.  Good , but sort of bland characters that are likeable, no repetition like you might see in other novels.  I Eat Tomatoes in known for his world building, in which he does an amazing job.It's a great novel, hard to put down.  Solid 10/10

One of the best novels I've ever read. And still the only one I can say I've read through twice.It has great story telling and some strong character building, along with all the power ups and excitement you'd expect. Also, unlike some novels, each adventure has something meaningful in it. So it's not just an endless slog of one un-memorable task after another just to power up the MC.The author does a great job of making the world feel massive. The side characters and their stories are actually interesting as well.There's so much here that's done well, I really cannot recommend it enough.

This is my first review about a webnovel so bear with me.I read Coiling Dragons, maybe 2 years and it was a good read.I cant really remember all what happened in the novel, but I guarantee that the story is solid.I got emotional with that sacrifice in the chase and though Im not really fan of romance, it did not come to me that the romance is cringy.The mystery and world building is fantastic and with the ring plot point coming full circle, how did her mother disappear, his past lineage reveal was revealed wonderful.I like the twist at the end about the main antagonist.

This one was my first novel here, I came over after reading the first volumes of the manwha adaptation. I reread all books since that's an habit I tend to have, and eventually did not pick back up the manwha. I must say it starts off full of deus ex machina but they almost disappear after the first set-back of the main protagonist. I still live in a state of denial years after I read the ending, it was truly not an ending I was looking forward to. It's easy to suggest this one but I am actually conflicted due to how traumatic the ending can be to certain people. It's a good read but you need some nihilism or absurdism to not be haunted by the end of this story. I upvoted because I had so many good memories with this story and the ending at least felt rushed and out of place so it shouldn't spoil the whole process, which was lovely.

Great series! To me this is the peak of traditional written Wuxia.The story is great, a young boy belonging to a now decrepit clan finds a ring and with it, sets out on a journey through dimensions filled with happiness, sorrow, love, loss and an unending desire to right the wrongs he and his family have experienced. It's a story that once it steps on the gas, it won't let up. Be ready to brace yourself for a hell of a ride!If you enjoyed it, read Desolate Era and ISSTH! While not as classical, Dragon Heart also scratches a similar itch.

I already read this book before on another site and I enjoyed it immensely. The plot was very well paced and the main character was very relatable. The villains were not carbon copies of each other like in other cultivation stories and a lot of variety in the degrees of evil deeds they committed. The romance scenes were written in a way that was entertaining and not sappy and confusing like other stories. The action and fight scenes were fast paced and detailed without being long, drawn out, and boring like in other cultivation novels I read. I highly recommend this story and all the other stories written by the same author.

Coiling Dragon is the first novel I vead in this website. It was a great read. Linley Baruch is a great main character and fully develop. An interesting character with familial piety and devoted to his family.It was really a great and top notch story telling from the author, I could say that he really did spend time in this novel  to such a degree.All in all, I would extremely recommend this to new readers and strongly suggest veterans take a look too. While it may not reinvent the wheel, it has unique plot elements and great storytelling which make it a worthwhile read.

This novel worth reading until the end, story is straight forward to the point, not much filter definitely recommended. Translators did a very good job.This novel definitely in my SSS tier list. If you just started to read novel, i recommend you read this novel 1st but after you read this novel, and read other novel, you will start to compare with this one, its gonna be hard to find same grade tier novel like this.The only novel i read until end very very good. After this novel most novel i read only half because issue writer stop write story , mid way story start get nonsense, too much filter side story, many other reason.End of story this novel worth your time, worth to take anual leave just to read the novel. Hahaha

One of the books that got me started. I’ve probably read more than half a dozen times at this point. IET’s books are great works and I read anything he writes. I’ve read all his completed works several times and he never disappoints. Seeking the Flying Sword Path was too short for my liking though, same with Archean Eon Art; would have been amazing if he had extended them but I understand since they both reached immortality and there wasn’t much else to reach for that would warrant an extra arc or 1k+ more chapters. I digress. Coiling Dragon is a great read. When you’re done with it, continue with Stellar Transformations; they are related to each other. Have fun reading!

this is a good novel especially if you are a beginner to wuxia novels. I enjoyed it. This has an interesting world setting and a different concept of cultivation from your usual xuanhuan novels.But one negative that I must point out is the ridiculous plot armor ... whenever the MC is in a difficult situation you can affirm that he is gonna get the help of a powerful expert . This gets repeated over and over .. The author could have employed different scenarios as plot armor but he stubbornly hold on to the "powerful expert saving MC" plot.Overall you will enjoy the read .

So this should be my first Review of a Novel, since this one brought me the love and joy for this genre. I can't say that Coiling Dragon is the first Novel I started to read (I think it was Douluo Dalu 1), but it definitly was the Novel which caught me and didn't let me go.In all my years of reading, there have been 3 storys I wish I wouldn't remember, so that I can experience the joy from reading it the first time again. Coiling Dragon is one of those!Yes there are some things which could have been written better, and some characters where lost in the Abyss, but it definitly has one of the best world builings and an overall nice to follow plot. In the retroperspective, what facinates me most about Coiling Dragon is, that (in my mind) there wasn't any repetetive scenarios and you never got really bored of the plot (for at least).So if you're new to the Wuxia/ Xianxia / C/K - Novel genre, Coiling Dragon is definitly the one to go with, and maybe it will become for you aswell, a story which you will happily remember!

Edited reviewFirst off, not very good at this, and it has been a while since I read this story. This review will mostly be based on my overall feeling about it, I won't talk about the plot or characters or other such things.First off, this novel was my gateway into this genre and made me want more.I loved this novel, and to this date it is still probably my favorite wuxia novel.From what I remember the setting and characters had depth, and it seems like other reviews mostly agree on this.I can't really remember any flaws in it and as I remember it the book was good throughout the whole thing.Well, don't take this review too seriously though. It has been a while since I read the story and I'm mostly going off of what I remember, some of which may well be tricks of my mind.

This is the first light novel I ever read  years ago, right here.This was the only one here in this site at that time. I barely remember the story now, one thing I can say tho. I enjoyed it, to the point that I kept reading wuxia/xanxia novels while coiling dragon is still getting translated. Fun times with linley and beybey XD.The story has a bit of romance, but more on the revenge'ish plot. I think, haha. Just wanna reach up to the one hundred words minimun. It's ok to stop reading my review, I'm nearing there. Done XD.

Seemed like a decent start. The MC is young but development seemed solid. At least that is true for the three chapters that I read. After that, they are not here. It appears they were a teaser or something similar. So while the light novel may be good there is no way to tell as I can not even subscribe to the novel and give money to the author. It seems odd for the website to list all the chapters but have non availabile to read. I assume they were available at one time or another but are not in the middle of 2020.

You get to read 3 chapters then its gone. 3 chapters is all that is free.. It is already on amazon for sale or with payment or something.. it is  a let down especially for poor readers like me.. Well i wish there is a way to read it for free..  kindler have only 30 days free trial.. I really think this is a good novel but hopes are waster.. i was really excited on the begiining upon reading .. I cant tell any more coz i havent  i just read 3 chapters so i cant detail out the content of the novel.. How sad..

