Genius Detective is basically a wonderful thriller. I would not regret having bought this as a proper book, at least so far. It is most certainly a very unusual novel, at least from what I usually read both here and offline.The Author has so far shown to me that he, unlike many other chinese authors, does play with prejudices as well BUT while the mysoginistic views of many a chinese novel that I have read so far are also shown here, they are shown by the villains if anyone. We have an over protective brother, but that is completely normal no matter where we go. No MC groping women or even considering this as far as I know. The MC is a bit over the top with his righteousness in my opinion, but that is most certainly negligible in such a setting.I personally would suggest reading this novel on your phone when youre taking the tram to get to work or school early in the morning, as it will most certainly leave your mind wondering what will happen next and you yourself will be sitting there weighing the likelihoods of who commited the crime in your head all day long. That is if you enjoy this as much as me.Now, less personal stuff and more to the structure.I like the way this novel is built very much. Both chapter length as well as volume length are very nice, we do not have long drags between volumes where you end up wondering if you should skip 3 chapters. So far the Translation has 100% obtained my acknowledgement for making an astounding job at both the general sentence structure as well as conveying chinese idioms and culture. So here, thank you Canis, Azza and Conspiracing!

YAY!!!!!!!So, I am pretty much excited about this novel as it open in a way least expected and shows the reality of life, something many novels of the same genre fail to do so.CHARACTERS(9/10)--- The dialogue and conversation, thinking process and variety of characters is top-notch. I have watched many crime, mystery thrillers of Jap, K-drama and English origin and this novel definitely follows a varied palette of characters similarly as there are in the best of the shows of each region.Female detective here is not dense, hut a rather willing learner which is very promising.All of them have some back-story and did not feel conjured from air.STORY(9.5/10)- The arc's are well connected. The characters always progress and learn something new.The story seamlessly transition between different point of view.Also, they do not fit the MC right into the middle of the police force but the MC uses his won witty ways and sometimes guides his friends and other acquaintances into solving the cases.WORLD-BUILDING(8.5/10)- The novel is set in a modern setting so you can expect to see China, it's custom, practice,  and it's cuisines( food stalls , a fav. of mine in these novels, :) ). The slangs, idioms and the terms used are all very intriguing and an explanation is always given at the end so it feels good learning something new.FOR THE FIRST DETECTIVE-MYSTERY NOVEL, IT IS BRILLIANT.

A very fun read, a bit different then your normal action packed novel but still gives you the feeling of wanting more. Very enjoyable and a much recommend read.The characters are not your typical chinese characters where there all arrogant and think every girl they meet is part of their waifu collection (ok ok enough rambling and back onto track), your mc is a ex detective who' was framed and after many years is back but not as detective but a driver and gets caught up in criminal cases and tends to help the police even when hes despised as a driver, but mc stays humble and gets them back solving the cases.So far only 1 female lead which is likeable and a bit funny to how she reacts with the mc.

I don't really write reviews but I hope its useful.This novel adds variety to the types of novels wuxiaworld usually translates/puts up. It's a legit mystery/thriller. Possible spoilers about first few chapters ahead:Our MC is Song Lang who has hidden himself under a new identity, Chen Shi. He is hiding his identity because of his mysterious past and involvement with his mortal enemy. Here's my impression of him so far: seems to be quite the funny dude, values justice, willing to teach others but does it in a tsundere way (in my opinion), scared to get close to others (in case of endangering them), cheap (kindof - knows when to give and receive), can't hold back his desire to investigate, usually acts casual with others. I really like the MC and the character interactions that occur. There's a entertaining, growing love-hate relationship between him as a driver-investigator and the police who he is helping out. It's fun to read and I really like mysteries so I can't help feeling biased about this novel.

I'm an avid reader of mystery novels and this has been a really good read so far. The initial premise of a detective in hiding from a powerful enemy might not seem very unique, but the characters definitely are. Each named character has their own quirks and they have been growing/changing as time passes.I also enjoy the distinct Chinese elements in the story such as the proverbs, motives and style of solving crimes which are sometimes different from Western novels.Shout-out to the translator/editor team for the amazing quality and the helpful footnotes. Those explanations and links help a lot with story immersion.

8.5 or 9 out of 10 so far. That's a very high rating from me, I can't remember the last time in my life I rated a novel as 10 out of 10.Just caught up on chapters after 4 days, currently at 230...I gotta say, this is a helluva novel especially for a Chinese work -- like many readers of Xianxia / Xuanhuan / Wuxia novels, I have gotten used to sub-par writing and character development so novels like this are a breath of fresh air.The characters feel very human. Everyone has their unique personality, the story is not repetitive BS or single-minded. At different times, it has made my mind crank, made my heart race and made me laugh so hard I couldn't stop coughing. Sometimes the plot is predictable and sometimes it leaves you shocked. Just what I was looking for.I think someone else said (and I agree) that this novel wouldn't feel out of place in a real hard-printed book of classics you might find at the library.Also I would really like to applaud the translator who is not only extremely competent and diligent, but also very friendly and goes out of their way to provide extra contextual and background information. Makes for a very pleasant reading experience.I feel very pampered and happy because I am a Gourmet reader, and this....this is fine dining folks.8.5 or 9 out of 10 so far.

This is has one of the most intriguing storyline among all the novels that I have read. It keeps you on your toes with each case, and lets you have space for your own thoughts as well. The mystery of mc is relevant in keeping the whole novel interesting and it has been done brilliantly, keeping it as mysterious as possible. Sometimes, some of the plot may seem obvious, but only on the surface. The loose ends that may seem to exist aren't loose ends but instead plot points that drives the story. It is an amazing read with good intensity and a lot of food for thought

This is a great story its very refreshing to read when you mostly have immortal stories on your reading list.The plot is great so far.The characters are enjoyable to read.The main character is likable and kind of quirky. He is not a perfect human which makes him relatable.The dialogue is fantastic.The crimes are intriguing and well thought out with just enough mystery to them.I am no detective but I feel that the explanations for the crime's when they are solved are thorough and well written.There is not a lot or any overused tropes so far.The story as of this review is still in its infancy so we will have to wait and see as more chapters are released if this review will change but as of now it is a great story to read.

Honestly, didn’t expect this to be so addicting. Having case after case may be a bit boring for some, but the small snippets and interactions between the main characters revive your curiosity of the mc true past. The character growth is also well executed. They learn new things after every case and you get a sense of maturity as the novel goes on. The romance in this book also isn’t annoying and is sweet and slow. They prioritize their work over their personal life and this is what really makes the novel great. 11/10 would recommend to anyone that has a sense of humor and likes smart protagonists.

It's great work. Feels refreshing . The storyline is very beautifully crafted which makes one feel as though they are watching drama. It has quite decent story and I learnt a lot about criminal psychology. The process of investigation and things we need to consider while reasoning . Investigating is not an easy job , it takes lots of efforts and have to undergo a lot of mental pressure as well. Capturing murders is no joke , the task force is at high risk . Inspite of the unheard dangers lying ahead they have to maintain the protocol which is not fair to some extent even though it's law .It all shows the terror of human heart but it is not very scary to read though . This is first time I have read detective stories and it has piqued my interest in reading so. The potrait of the protagonist is pretty good .Personally I love it.

There is not much to say: if the chineses made a drama based on this novel and put It on Netflix (or similars), it would become a total trend!It resembles a lot western series like The Mentalist, Castle, Lucifer (because of the "external consultant" thing)...I'm loving It 😀And it's also cool because it also shows a lot about China's urban society, and discretly criticizes its state bureaucracy (more worried about "not creating panic" than about raising social awareness about violence in corporative relations, for example). There's good social, political and psychological reflexion that's really uncommon.There's a good dosis of humour as well, and the most of the characters are charismatic.At chapter 400, it's still a 9/10.

A great novel of the return of somebody that can't possibly return.The greatest detective was framed, and now resurfaces as a driver who, somehow, can solve crimes by using logic and proof.The cast of surrounding characters is slowly fleshing out as interesting people on their own. So much so, that if the novel was written from some of those people's point of view, it would still be a great read.This is one of the greatest things to come to wuxiaworld. So, join this as you read how he solved the crime he was accused, and how he infiltrates the police unit, till some people start taking him almost like a cop.

There are bit for me that it could improve, but not at the same time. It could be a little more realistic but then you think can it really. Cause if it was to realistic it would ruin the flow of the story. So the really only nitpick I could say about the story is that I wish it expressed more of the MCs emotions, cause at the moment it is thrilling but is missing a little substance for my taste. However, I have a gourmet taste, so it is not like I eat gourmet meals all the time. This novel so far is set out very well, if it continues at steady pace and goes in the general direction that i hope with no major detours it should be a nice relaxing read in the sense that I don’t need to have a heart attack saying no one don’t do that stupid thing you know wont lead to anything good.(Like ohh there is a sound lets investigate, like in a horror movie) So with that said I would highly recommend reading it, might be no fantasy novel but it is has a lot of stuff that a fantasy can sometimes forget. Ps hopes MC gets a happy ending wink wink nudge nudge.Edit to Chapter 89: Still feel the same way but it is doing a little better with character progression then i thought. So it gets a higher recommendation from me.78% recommendation before about 83% now could Improve in the future.This recommendation score is based on my predictions of the sub-plots and the main-plot. I have mentally measured my expectation that develop through this novel, in multiple ways; might provide a semi-spoiler once novel is trans-done. (Not telling of the plots, just a directional spoiler like this current review but with a more definitive review.)I think 1 star of not recommended at all(1-20%), 2 star lightly recommended(21-40%), 3 star recommended(41-60%), 4 stars highly recommended(61-80%) and 5 stars a must read for the genre/s(81-100%).

I have read three volumes so far and at first I thought, the novel was bad but then I realised I was the ignorant one. At first I thought it was spoon-feeding the audience to much. I took a step back to realise the novel does a good job of 'teaching' the audience as well as guiding you in the right direction and getting you to think for yourself. I believe the audience is in a similar position and can relate to Lin Dongxue's characters as she learns to think of various reasons under the clues and hints provided by the MC.Obviously the novel comes with red herrings as do most detective novels, however the ones in this novel seem very lacklustre as you know the MC is definitely moving in the right direction at all times. I think a simple way to summarise this is the idea of waiting for the conclusion of everything rather than enjoying the process, as the MC so far has never been in the wrong. This leads to little engagement with the novel itself and I therefore put my attention elsewhere in the story this led to me becoming more invested in the relationships between the characters and how they have slowly developed, I think this is one of the strong points of the novel.

Great character creation and building. The story line feels authentic and the legal aspects are well presented. Characters are very relatable and likable. It feels like a place and people you could be friends with. The translation is awesome, too. It is realistic without excessive vulgarity. I find excessive vulgarity or eroticism detracts from the character and story building. Vulgarity in excess tends to belittle the intelligence of readers.Chen Shi is a very likable man, realistic, a little vulgar at times but intelligent and very supportive of the female characters intelligence and growth. In short he is a real man who doesn't have to belittle others for his ego.The female characters are well developed and not afraid of their own intelligence and self worth.The male characters are funny, intelligent, likable, relatable, distinct personalities.The cases are excellent for mystery and solving techniques.

Okay, so basically I am the type of guy who does not like Detective Conan, why? Brcause its one of those anime that I remember was being spoken about when I was a child, so I compare it to childish cartoon, I know this is 100% wrong, and I know it is not childish, however, not gonna be bothered to waste a lot of time on an anime when I can read novels xD.However, what made start this novel is the lack of good novels (not updated I mean) nowadays.After I started, I literally flashed through the chapters like sonic through rings.What made me like this novel is not just the amazing way of thinking, how it makes your mind work so hard in these boring days, how you need to think out of the box, but the god damn character. If you ever watched the TV Series "Blacklist" on Netflix, then you will definitely read the novel if I tell you that MC is Raymond Reddington.Of course this is viable to change later on, but for now, stop looking around and read it!

At first I really enjoyed the novel, even though the beginning with the MC as a "police consulting Uber driver" is a bit far fetched.After the the first few volumes we even see character growth and improvement of detective skills of side characters.And although there some minor inaccuracies when compared to how various things work in real life, it was negligible.But in "Volume 21 – Master Hypnotist" the author treats hypnosis as if it was something akin to mind control magic (you can skim through wikipedia to get an idea how it really works). This makes it unbearable to read (for me at least).For now I will drop the novel, maybe I will come back later and skip those chapters - if so, I will update this review.

I think, this novel is one of the best novels in wuxiaworld. Translator should keep up to translate this novel. If you like crime genre you will like this. Very different from other chinese novels.Also it is similar to detective tv shows, but this one is not boring one.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .What is this 100 words shit? Why do we have to make a long reviews?

Hello, I was drawn by the cover and synopsis, thinkin' it would be a good novel, I really wanted to read it, but unfortunately, I am new to this app, not knowing how on earth I can read this, I wrote this shit of mine to ask how on earth I can. So, how?......... And then here comes the effin' problem, it says reviews should be at least--no, erase, it should be 100 at most, so yeah, here I am, saying shits to reach 100 when in fact I just wanna ask how to read this.. Oh! It's already 90+ words.. Lol, just please tell me how to read it, luvyah, stay safe.-kyros

This novel reads like detective Conan in that there's a intriguing plot about the mc that runs across the story which progresses slowly, while crime arcs fill the rest of the novel. As such it also suffers the same problem as Detective Conan in that it is hard to look forward to new chapters everyday because the suspense is very clearly demarcated for every arc.It is translated well, but the story can get very bland sometimes.I like this over the underworld detective because the romance element is more subtle and less cringey. Ok now I've ran out of words to review this novel.

Currently have kind of mixed feelings about this novel. So far, I've read up to chapter 60 and really love the plot, but am not a fan of either of the two main characters. Each mystery is very well written and interesting to read, however, the characters are rather bland. I've found myself skipping past paragraphs of character interaction to get back to reading the actual plot.I had rather high hopes for the MC after reading other comments that praised the fact that he wasn't the typical arrogant misogynistic male love interest. Unfortunately, it turns out that the MC is this perverted old man who is more annoying to read about than some overbearing CEO. His flirting and forwardness seems to be some sort of running joke that's supposed to be humorous, but is a bit overboard for me and makes me cringe. The FL is a typical tsundere. Add the two characters together, and you get extremely repetitive banter where the MC keeps hitting on the FL, FL gets embarrassed, and MC says that he's not romantically interested. It's rather frustrating to keep reading, because I just don't understand the purpose of making the MC so flirty, as it detracts from the plot and the rest of his character. In every other aspect, the MC is a very interesting person. As a detective with some grey morals and a backstory, he would've been a very intriguing character if he didn't act so weirdly perverted. Maybe he's got some personal reason for acting this way and I haven't gotten to the part where they explain it yet, but it's been 60 chapters and it's really making me lose interest when his flirting and dirty jokes interrupt the plot every two paragraphs.I'll be dropping this novel for now, and maybe give it another change again some day when I'm really bored.

I've really been enjoying this novel. At first I thought it would be a fake Detective Conan, fun but kind of unrealistic, but that was completely wrong. From the way they got killed, the wide selection of murder suspects, and finally the motive of murder, are all within fun and realistic bounds. Interpersonal relationships build up in a good way, characters are all fun and unique (non are too bland or 2D), The story doesn't JUST focus on the main character, some cases are solved by the side characters. All in all an amazing novel and recommend it to anyone, even if you don't really like mystery or thriller.

DetailsEditors: Conspiracing, IJChapters 1-13 editor: CanisSchedule: one chapter per day at 7am GMTSynopsisWe follow the story of Song Lang, a genius in the police field, who due to unfortunate circumstances caused by his mortal enemy, now assumes the identity of a driver named Chen Shi. Although he had wanted to live out his days as an ordinary citizen, fate has other plans in store for him. Finding himself in the position of prime suspect to a case, he assists a police officer to uncover the truth. Follow the adventures of Chen Shi as he is plunged back into the world of bizarre homicide investigations. Will he be fated to meet his enemy once again?If you enjoy murder mysteries such as the TV show “The Mentalist”, or anime like “Detective Conan”, then this novel is for you.

An amazing read with MC having a secret identity which he can't expose and decent romance. The MC unravels different sort of crimes and the killer's motive and psychology is also detailed very well in the novel itself, making it much more enjoyable.The only con that I personally feel in this novel is the slow progression and unravelling of the storyline through different arcs which might bore some people. Other than that, this novel is really a fresh breath of air and really enjoyable and is one of the more interesting novels in my book catalogue. The translator also does a fantastic job at translating this which makes it even much more enjoyable. All in all, worth a read, go through the first 2 arcs to see if you like it before dropping!

honestly I'm hooked.. i haven't finished it but so far , i rly want lin and shi to end up together and happy. its taking forever but they honestly love each other like" stop playing stinka"  kind of love!! i hope that they end up getting married and then it talks about how they start their own detective buisness. or maybe something like they run away together kk bye . . . . . . . . . . . .&lt;3 . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . .

This is definitely one of the best detective novels I have ever read. 10/10 would recommend to read this masterpiece. The story starts a bit slower arcs, mainly focused on establishing characters and sprinkle some mysteries and past details. All the characters are well flushed out including the MC's love interests, allies as well as villains.The in depth forensic analysis of cases and the science behind them is explained in a detailed manor. However, it gets into a bit of non-fiction genre at some times with flimsy scientific explanations of the phenomenon. Overall a very good novel.The MC Chen Shi/Song Lang is clearly a Sherlock-isque character with great deducing abilities and a very dark past. His journey to the redemption is well written. All the police characters he's helping as well as helping him have their own character growths.The developing romance between MC and Lin Dongxue is well flushed out as well as the familial bonds he develops toward Tao Yueyue is also very heart-warming.The most interesting facet of this novel is the breakdown of the crimes, the psyche of the criminals who committed them, the motif behind the crime etc. is intriguing and non-repetitive from case to case in every arc. All types of crimes from passionate to emotional to downright psychotic and ideological are shown in the novel. As such, various facets of criminals have been explored in detail.

I am liking detective or mystery story so much that I've forgotten how much novel I have read. There are mainly 2 mainstream plots in detective novel. The first one is focusing on the culprit, the reader will be guessing who is the culprit. The second is focusing on the motive or the 'why' part, usually we know the culprit from the beginning and we discovered later why the culprit did their crime. I am more liking the second though, you will find the second one mainly in japanese novel.Now, this is first time for me to read this kind of novel, as the synopsis said, the detective conan type but in a novel and surprisingly it did very well (we almost have 100 chapters). The who parts (the culprit) sometimes not on your guess list and the why parts (the motive) will always capture your attention. Each cases so far are very interesting and you could not help to guess everytime. Of course we have a big picture case (like black organization in conan) and our MC still had very long road ahead.This novel is worth your time to read.

edit: While I still think it's an interesting series, I reached chapter 538 and came to a stopping point. It's extraordinarily easy to put down this series and not pick it back up again. 538 hit a new point of Nationalism, and the arc before would have been fine.. but the author keeps forgetting that he has a kid at home. An elementary kid orphan, victim of having her family murdered in front of her, is often left home for days/weeks without anyone. Luckily she found a creepy neighbor to feed her, but the complete lack of any thought leaves only one direction as a bad plot device later on. Even when he is around her, the author has zero idea how to write interactions with kids.All in all, while I really like the arcs I found myself 200 chapters behind in a short order. So my original review still stands, but I'm personally going to go ahead and drop the series. I have a lot of other stuff to read, and I enjoy the concept but the author's missteps are to often a distraction for me.Original: While the romance is a bit... Eh, the story is very nice. Essentially an adult Detective Conan. There are a few weird pieces, such as the attention to detail in cigarette brand names (I suspect the author has somehow gotten a sponsorship deal).The story is a "crime of the week" with some good logic solving it. We have only glanced a few times at the overarching mystery that started the series, but I cannot wait to dig more into it. This series is very different from anything else I read on this site, but instead falls into the books I read off the site. Can't wait for e-books to come out.Also: translation is on point with few spelling issues, so that is a great plus as well. Very few times have I read something and didn't have a clear picture of everything going on. The chapters notes are also extensive and allow unknown terms/phrases to be understood well.

“	You will never arrive at the reality that will occur! None who stand before me shall ever do so, no matter what abilities they may wield!	”—Gold Experience Requiem to Diavolo, Chapter 587Gold Experience Requiem (ゴールド・エクスペリエンス・レクイエム Gōrudo Ekusuperiensu Rekuiemu) is the Requiem Stand of Giorno Giovanna, featured in Vento Aureo.This Stand is the evolved 'Requiem' form of Gold Experience, created when pierced by the Stand-creating Arrow.Contents[show]AppearanceGold Experience Requiem is a humanoid Stand of a height and build similar to Giorno's. Many of its features resemble the original Gold Experience, including the ladybugs on its hands and the oblong grooves across its body. Its head extends into pointed tips with the back of the head hollow, giving it the appearance of a crown. Its eyes have a unique design among Stands, with the 'eyeballs' embedded in cross-like structure within slanted sockets. It has an extended ridge collar on the back of its neck and several indentations and various other patterns covering its body.When it first appears, it wears the Arrow on its forehead; which eventually falls to the ground.[2]Gold Experience Requiem is presented as being primarily ivory white in most media featuring it, with brown, amber and violet features.

I love this novel so much... I event hope that there will be a series or movie from this novel... Your know, sometimes,I can even see the characters moving around in my mind.... I personally thin that this novel is a complete packaging, I can found some funny or sad story besides the actual plot of cases... And I love the character of Chen Shi... Being a genius doesnt mean you should have a boring character...But I have one question... When will Chen Shi identity get exposed? At least by his closest companions aside from Old Peng... Because I wait for that so much... Xixi...

A logical and interesting detective story... not many absurd conjectures nor circumstances, with a colorful (read: colorful as in quite distinct, rather than a group of oddballs) cast, Genius Detective is a nice, properly divided in clear "episodes", story about a former police detective turned cab driver, how he gets back in the game and must face the criminals that forced him to lose everything once before;Featuring a snarky sometimes gloomy Chen Shi/Song Lang, the aforementioned detective... he is smart and logical but not in the sense that everyone is dumb except for him, he simply has the insight that helps steer the case into the right track without wasting time...The heroine of the novel, Lin Dongxue starts as the typical "urban-wuxia-police-chick" a reckless, rather irascible lady who eventually comes into terms about what's expected of a detective and becomes good enough to be a reliable partner to Chen Shi.The cast itself features quite a few recurrent characters, like Dongxue's brother, Chen Shi's adoptive daughter, Song Lang's best friend and forensic genius, all sorts of rather well written (some more than others) characters who wouldn't seem out of place in an US detective drama.As for the plot itself, it often winds up being part of a greater overaching plot, whereas the "episodes" are rather concisely written, all in all Genius Detective is a fantastic story that goes amazingly in a reader's day-to-day schedule.

This novel will make you sympathize with the victim, sometimes for the perperator, sometimes you wont sympathize with neither. This novel dynamic is from the conversation between the character, it slow but getting better in latter part of the novel.This novel made me cry a bit in some arc and made me cringe in another.Very logical and have many references in psychology, crime, anatomy and other things that make me learn something, not useful but still interestingIf you are looking for full action novel, this isnt for you. But you should try it, i guaranteed you wont be dissapointed.A rare gem imo, i rate it 8.9/10.

It would be a great novel, if not for the FL. I dropped at chapter 8 because of how annoying she is. If you're able to handle an incompetent woman who claims she wants to make something of herself using her own merits and then have her try to use the MC's accomplishments... well, then read this. But if you're like me and you can't stand that type of character I don't recommend.Otherwise, this is actually a really good read. MC is pretty shameless and clever, and the mystery/crime elements are good so far. Honestly, it's a shame that the FL is like that.

Мне очень понравилась данная история, хотя в ней немало и недостатков, которые имеют как книги в жанре детектив, так и типичные китайские новеллы.Отмечу, что сюжет интересен, имеет много разных дел с неожиданными поворотами, хотя некоторые дела и банальны (вспоминается аниме Детектив Конан, хотя автор вдохновлялся Дойлем). Персонажи достаточно яркие и имеют свою предысторию, хотя история крутиться вокруг Сун Лана и братьев и сестёр Лин. Ну и в какой то мере Пей, криминалист в бюро.Из недостатков имеем странное поведение полиции и зависимость от Сун Лана/Чен Ши. Я понимаю, что он умен, но не надо было слишком занижать ум и других персонажей, в частности полиции. Ведь злодеи и преступники тут умеют удивить, хотя нет пока явного антогониста или даже умного преступника, который хорошо обманывал.Минус также в том, что пусть основной сюжет идет долго, но нам даже не дают дополнительных подсказок или раскрытие персонажей. Мне не хватает взаимодействия что ли, учитывая яркую подозрительность в первых арках. Тем самым интрига мала, а личность ГГ в какой то мере уже секрет Полишинеля, хотя капитан Лин уж слишком туповат (учитывая, что даже его сестра имеет подозрения в отношении личности Сун Лана, хотя и испытывает неоднозначные чувства). Также мы наблюдаем историю больше как третьи лица, хотя главный герой Сун Лан. И мы не видим его внутренних мыслей, тем самым делая слабой частью драматизм истории и эмоции. Только диалоги и кое какие действия могут судить об этом, но они не дают однозначную трактовку ситуации.Но общее впечатление хорошее, тем более детективных историй мало подобного типа, а некоторые дела по ощущениям прям взяты с реальности (ну в общей идее).  Оценка 8 из 10 на 200 главу.

The crime plots are well-thought out and we can feel that a lot of research has been done on forensics etc. But frankly I don't buy how they just suddenly trust a guy they know nothing about, with a criminal past and who seems to know too much, and let him in on every detail of top secret investigations and end up with more authority than even the chief (the older brother).Compared  to Detective Conan, even though  his poison is not realistic, all other reactions and how he hides behind Kogoro to solve cases etc is more believable.But like I said earlier, the murder cases are interesting and the characterstoo. I will however be abandoning this, as the non-believable interactions bother me.

The novel is quite detailed in its description of crime scenes which is the main point. The plot for each murder is well thought out and the person who solves it is also very well represented. I have just one problem, the novel is a little full of cliches for my liking. I know that "falling down and rising up" is a positive and popular theme but I still feel, the cliche could have been decreased and the pace slightly faster. But for those who want a seriously written story (not for appeasement of teenage fantasy) I would recommend this!

