Chief, this is actually it.Undoubtedly a masterpiece of the genre.Starting out from your local empire into the vastest Universe I've ever read. Ji Ning, your protagonist, does not have one super OP item, and although he does have some lucky advantages, most of his strength comes from his own Dao of the Sword and what a beautiful journey it was to follow along him.Great fights, good cultivation system, side characters tend to be quite good, especially his Masters, main critic here is that the romance is a classic downgrade in relation to other relationships, one very good twist in the story.Absolute recommend, top 3 novel

MY FIRST NOVEL ON WUXIA-WORLD( TRULY AMONG OTHER FIRST'S).TLDR---- OVERWHELMINGLY RECOMMENDED( TRUE THAT)THIS NOVEL HAS-----1. Cultivation which is reasonable.The increase in levels is not simply there, it is earned by sweat and labour.2.The inner and outer conflict of the characters as well as the main driving conflict of the story were all reasonable, so much so that if you, a modern era homo sapiens were present int eh body of your pal(MC), you would not hesitate to take down the same path.3.The relationship between the characters, whether hate - revenge -love- familial piety, all of them were as if the ground floor of your apartment.If they are removed, a nagging feeling penetrates into the cheat and the whole building comes crashing down(a bit exaggerated but yeah, just imagine).4.  The world building here is so awesomeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.The Dao titles are so fancy and so regal.Yeah, this world is worth exploring for your precious time.***************SPOILER***** A VERY MINOR ONE**************************5.NOT A HAREM---- MC also faces love issues and guys, yeah, there is a falling out of love but then a rediscovery of love too in here but i can assure you that the MC has not taken any stupid steps, it was his partner as of that moment.You would feel happy that somebody out there just like one of us and many people could relate well.

OH MY GOSH I LOVED IT---The conflicts feel unavoidable and reasonable---The setting kept me on my toes with how vast it was---The author did a great job of forming, maintaining, and ending interpersonal relationships. Here's the thing: when you have a world where it's necessary to leave behind everything you know in your pursuit of power, it WILL happen! So many readers seem to forget simple things like that.---The powerups feel earned and reasonable---The antagonists aren't all one-dimensional---How the MC interacts with the world is believableThere are just so many things to say about so many novels here on Wuxiaworld because they're so long...JUST READ THEM! They're great! Especially this one!

Desolate Era really stands out among its peers. It has one of the best constructed words ever and the slowly expanding knowledge readers have on it always keeps us on the edge of our seats. One of the most important things about DE is that it's not cliche at all. That really brings in a breath of fresh air into the reading experience of Chinese novels. The only situation that looked like it was going to end in a predictable manner turned out to be so unexpectedly satisfying that I still remember it, half a year after I finished reading.All in all, Desolate Era is a must read(especially since RWX was the one to translate it).

Honest Review : My First L(ightn)OVE(l) , the one which made me aware of vast world of Wuxia...For new readers I would like to recommend this as must and that's why I will make this review as simple and interesting as possible :Why you should read it :----------------------------1. Its good for newbies(well.. its of course importatant if you are new and exploring this world of wuxia, so unless you are addicted like me you might not have even considered exploring this branch of literature)2. It has vast world and with continuous progression of Main Character. ( if you have seen DBZ, then you know what I mean. )  MC gets started on cultivation path and he builts himself on his own. Of course he inherits few things along the way but, he is creator of his knowledge and power.3. The plot feels genuine and when I say genuine, MC is simple guy striving to be the best. There are no/few snobby/bossy characters who give the lip service and then loose after MC gets sudden power boost (which happens a lot in other novels). No harem / stupid women who falls in love like crazy. Of course I am not against harem but having them around kind of adds show-offish side to MC which I personally dislike.4. While I am on topic of harem and personal relationship, the author also roamed in that area and he has created a sweet love story between MC and his wife (also another imp character in story) which forces you to sympathize with MC and cheer him from the bottom of your heart. Having lack of other women kind of emphasises this taking you even closer to MC and his life and struggle.5. Find new goal -&gt; Sword Fight -&gt; Struggle to be the best -&gt; repeatAlthough these four words sum up everything, the cultivation branches which Author have added along side gives you solid impression of how vast the world is and even you start feeling how minuscule MC is and why it is importatant for him to achieve even more greatness. The storyline add upto this feeling.6. World is vast .. yeah .. to be exact tooooo vast. But while author made this world huge he has not failed to give justice to entire universe and it actually feels whole not like other novels where MC when goes above and beyond, the place where he rose from are forgotten and non-importatant. I am unable to explain this but well... you will know what I am talking about if you read this.7. Now, let's talk about Cultivation levels. They are also easier to understand and properly defined unlike certain novels where they go on and on continuously and you feel like there is no end whatever that is going on. This one aspect helps you stay engrossed as the plot continues and doesn't bore you.8. Villans -&gt; Now these are one important part of the story. Author has successfully established a plot where you, yourself starts getting the feeling of "He's coming.... He's coming... He's coming .... ". With perfect insertion of fight of minions leading towards the fight with main villan... I guarentee that its surely going to keep you on your toes.9. All is well that ends well...The end is good or rather Happy Ending with MC achieving everything that he desires. Although, I would have liked the story to go on, I am content with what I have receieved.This gives you a wholesome feeling, a happiness which births from within your heart.10. All in all , this novel has many things which you will find missing in others. And I am quite sure this is one novel which you will enjoy even if you read many times.Why you shouldnt read it :----------------------------1. Meh !! ... You dont want to read this huge novel.Thats the only point i can add here. Afterall, you are your own boss.On an endnote, I would like to thank Author : "I Eat Tomatoes" and Translator : "RWX" for allowing me an opportunity to read this amazing piece of art. In a sense you are my matchmakers and I am thankful for it.Hushhh..... This was a tedious task to write review without spoilers. Hope you all like it. I will keep adding reviews on other novels so stay tuned for it.

As always i want to be sincere and this is not my favorite novel but it definetly enters the top 3 and it even is the 2nd novel i have read more times. I just love how it takes so many elements we are familiar with and gives'em a twist, if you are of those like me that feel most MC just take inheritances without leaving one behind the you gotta read this, if you are of those that are looking for a novel where cultivating more and getting enlighted really matters then you gotta read this.In summary this novel, in my humblest opinion has what other similar lacks, and to prove that preferences are subjective the novel i prefer over this one lacks some of the things that i value of this one.

DE takes on many similarities from Talisman Emperor (TE) which is an ongoing translation at the time of this review. However, even though TE was written first, DE took ideas from TE and made them 100x more fleshed out and better. Similar concepts include ki refiners vs. fiendgod body refiners, sword insight, heart energy, minor daos vs. grand daos, inheriting an unfathomable manor at the start, the similarities goes on. If you enjoyed the premise of TE’s cultivation system but regretted that the author there took too many detours, then DE is perfect for you. Main example is the uniqueness of the different daos. Not everything is just swish slash pretty lights make things go boom. Water is defensive, wind is fast, etc. Also the MC learns techniques that have clearly distinct functions from each other. It’s not just a dozen different ways to sever heads.Also DE does a great job with the idea of cultivators taking great risks for fortune and cultivators experiencing setbacks to temper themselves. In other words, the MC’s plot armor is just the right level of thickness to make his actions and decisions believable. The MC is a genius, but not to the point where everything comes easy for him - ie breakthroughs don’t always happens right when the plot conveniently needs it. One such breakthrough happens after the MC experienced real loss that impacts the audience/readers. I won’t say anymore to spoil that.Overall easily in my top 2 novels to recommend.

This is probably my favorite Chinese novel I've read. I really respect that the main character Ji Ning is devoted and faithful to his love interest as so many of these novels devolve into harem.Every part of this novel is engaging and well written. so many novels fall apart along the way or especially at the end but this is satisfying all the way through and doesn't feel rushed.The action is top notch and all of the characters are likeable. This novel has some of my favorite moments of "Comprehension" and the measurements of strength. the stakes always feel real and threatening and i always felt the main character was able to persevere due to his own achievements.I definitely recommend this novel to anyone interested in a top tier action packed cultivation novel.

One of the best novels one the site and the one that brought me into the world of Chinese cultivation novels. Despite a slightly generic start of being reborn in another world, It differs a lot from the various stories with invincible protagonists. What we get is a beautiful well written world with interesting cultivation system, which heavily rely on the understanding of "Dao", unlike other novels, where you can become world strongest person by consuming an insane amount of magic pills and a great plot, which hold you captivated during the reading and force you to stay all night just so you could see what happens next. I especially liked the later half of the story, where we get several especially unique story arcs, which are extremely hard to find anywhere else, such as the arc, where the protagonist travels along with an equally strong friend during a dangerous journey to various parts of the unknown world. We see them traveling together, helping each other and forming a strong bond, which will last a lifetime.  Highly recommended to both new and old readers.

One of the novels that hooked me up !This main character is a very humane man to a fault, a model behaviour quite rare in this kind of novel : fidelity, trustworthiness, kindness,  even empathy... but the poor man has a very sad personal life and most of his motivation for pushing ever forward is either preventing the destruction of all he cherishes, or trying to repair some previous damages. This makes for a very touching story that evolves rather naturally from beginning to end pushed by feelings rather than ambition.Yet it is packed full with action, combat, ambushes, and the feeling of thirst for more stays with you all along.Most likely my favourite wuxia novel for it is unlike most. It avoids most of the cliched tropes and offers a novel approach.

i would not normally review this because it wasnt bad but i feel like i have to dislike from the enormous amount of people who havent read more than ten novels here. the best way to describe it would be it does what its asked for but what its asked to do isnt much. its pretty much like nine star hegemon demon but in a different setting. the mc gets gifted everything on a silver platter the reviews say he worked for everything but as soon as you arrive he gets two of the best techniques out there one of them is going to get even stronger as it isnt complete and the only reason this started was because apparently he is the only person who ever donated to kids on earth

I loved this story this author is like my favorite Chinese author. I have this as my second favorite story and it is the second story I finished reading. Coiling Dragon is the first one that I finished and also in the first place.Let's see where should I start, I think this story did a really great job on the reincarnation trope. This is saying something since it is a very common trope and most are just annoying in the beginning since they are almost copied and pasted from other similar stories.The main character is amazing honestly, I love how he progressed through his cultivation without using some cheat ability. I always loved reading about how things in nature-inspired him to create certain sword skills.The romance was done really well, it pulled at your heart. The relationships, in general, were pretty great.Just like in the coiling dragon, not all the side characters were really important throughout the story. But I Eat Tomatoes does a good job of bringing certain ones back throughout the story when necessary to show they are not forgotten.The cultivation is different than in coiling dragon and is also very easy to understand. Certain cultivating stories honestly lose me throughout the story. I tend to have to keep like a notepad just to remember what the realms are and so on. But this story is not one of them.I could go on and on but I will end it here, if you are interested you should just go read it yourself I promise you will not regret reading it. If you do then there is probably something wrong with you lol :)

This is my first review of a novel on this site, even though I've read a bunch of very good ones. DE was one of the few novels that kept me hooked all the way through. Many cultivation-type novels, even the very good ones, have long, drawn-out, multi-chapter battles, annoying cockaroach villains who last for a hundred plus chapters, super-power ups, and repetative plots that reoccur every time the MC reaches a new location.This one not so much. The plot continued to move forward at a brisk pace, and once the MC encounters the bad guys, they normally don't last longer than a few dozen chapters, sometimes not even a single fight. When the MC does gain a 'new level of understanding' or breaks through to another level it's through hard work and not because of some super-treasure within him. The MC is likable, not at all arrogant or power-hungry, and I genuinely was interested in seeing what was in store for him after every chapter.The few things I would critique about the novel is that there is little romance even though the MC's driving motivation is based on his feelings for a certain character. It is not a harem story, but it's barely a romance one too. Also, with the exception of a few supporting characters (who were still pretty shallow character-wise), many of the side-characters have similar personalities and weren't all that intersting to me. The fact that the MC also makes new friends and leaves behind old ones every ten or so books  made it hard for me to grow attached to these new 'more powerful' versions of his previous traveling companions.But the story did leave me with a happy feeling in the end and I stayed up way too late too many nights in a row reading this story. This was a fun, uncomplicated read that was worth one of my VIP-completed-works-a-month slots. I have to thank the entire team who worked on this for their hard work and the author for coming up with this in the first place!

The story is great until around book 39. I just completely lost all interest after one of the turns the author decided to take. It just completely killed any kind of excitement I had for the story and even though it continued I just couldn't bring myself to continue reading.For the first 39 books the story is actually great and a masterwork on conflict and storytelling. The only criticism I have for it is the relationships are kinda forced, but everything else is always fresh, exciting, and doesn't repeat plotlines like a lot of novels of the same genre.

My favorite thing about this novel has to be the power scaling and cultivation system. In a lot of novels, the idea of immortality is the central focus of the entire cultivation system, and as such only the most supreme and all powerful cultivator ever gains immortality. In line with this the cultivation systems in those novels are usually very simple, you gather qi(or whatever that novel calls it) until you level up and you pass through a fixed number of levels before breaking through to the next realm. However DE throws all this on it's head. It's completely possible to essentially live almost infinitely long before you reach the end of the cultivation system, and by the time you're 2 levels from the last realm, you're already truly biologically immortal, and this is reflected in the motivation of different characters.Furthermore the cultivation system is different from the standard gather qi and level up. Each realm is clearly different from the one before, and the requirements to reach the next realm are well explained and laid out. And pretty early on the concept of laws becomes really important. Talent alone doesn't cut it in DE. Even if you could suck in an entire universe of qi it wouldn't make any difference, that has nothing to do with ascending the ladder of cultivation. Subsequently everyone's journey through the cultivation system is different, because they must follow their own path. That uniqueness about the cultivation system is probably what makes it my favorite in all Xiania.

A good story with a reasonable story progression.  The MC progresses well and has some lucky encounters, but still has to apply himself to succeed.  The story is engaging and entertaining, and the relationships are reasonable.  Even getting a massive windfall still meant that he didn't actually get the whole windfall.  It helped him develop but didn't move him to be magically overpowered all of a sudden.At the end it tends to drag on a little bit.  I read almost the entire novel, but at the end you could see "the writing on the wall", as it were.  Once the outcome was completely clear I lost interest, so I didn't read the final chapters.  Still, I would recommend this story.

I have read almost all of the completed novels on this site. This is by far the best one of its “type.” This novel is the benchmark for other Wuxiaworld novels and I can’t seem to find another quite like it. I wish I could re-experience reading this novel for the first time.Note: I’m not a huge fan of requiring 100 words but I enjoyed this novel so much that I am willing to BS my way to exactly 100 words to show how much I enjoyed it. I am torn on buying this e-book just to support it. 101

Another Brilliant work by i eat tomatoesIn DE we are witness of one of the most exaggerated usage of numbers in all of the CN novels but the author was skillful enough to use all of those to not damage your experience in the novelOne of the biggest aspects of the DE is the world development and character development to the level of near perfection which is hardly seen in other novels and it will keep you satisfied in the +2000 chapter of this novelI wont say that this novel is perfect , sometimes it gets boring but its not to the point you cant consider it a big drop in the process of reading and its near to the point that you can disregard it and author did an absolute amazing job of writing the story so you can enjoy it without getting bored all the timeOne of the things that i like about the DE the most and its hardly seen in other novels is that the author in the starting chapter brings you in the family of the MC and show you the passion between the family members and gives you a detailed explanation of the situation of the family and it makes you feel more connected to MC and its not like flashbacks in some other novels or like MC always says i have to protect my family but you almost never see his family and only saw one or two lines about it in every some hundred or so chapters which makes you think about how unfilial the MC is sometimes but i have to say i wasnt satisfied with MCs relationship with his daughter and i think author could have worked more on itThe cultivation process in this novel is one of the best and you have clear picture of the MCs cultivation and although the MC is op he is not op to the point of being crazily powerful and smash everyone in front of him and he have his fair share of loses and setbacksAll in all , DE is a story about reincarnation of a normal boy of the modern earth to cultivation world when he doesnt have divine body or a heaven defying cultivation technique which belongs to the realm of supergods or a treasure of super over cosmic divine grade or genius capable of comperhending the heavens in the three seconds while he is a fetus or a wise sage who lived for ten billion years to lead him and explain everything to him and other forms of cliche which other authors use for making their characters extraordinary ( i dont mean any disrespect towards other atuhors though ) . he is handsome but not to the point of the celestial beings , he is a hardworker but not of a blockhead type ( if you saw asta from black clover you know what type im talking about ) , he is a righteous guy but not the savior of every single bugs in the universe , he is smart but not a big brain deity and his not stupid and although he is emotional it normally doesnt affect his state of mind and the most important is that you dont see a harem here :DMy personal opinion is that DE is a work that is hard to come by and its certainly worth your time spending on reading it

Overall a good novel with decent plot, we have some interesting intense moments that can move you and the fights are enjoyable. It can feel repetitive sometimes but there's   variety when things  feel too stale so bonus points for the author for recognising those periods. A big downside in my opinion is the romance. Without making any spoilers I'm warning you, this is all either black or white. The obsessive fixation of the MC is overwhelmingly frustrating at many points in the story and IT WON'T STOP until the very end of the novel. Don't expect improvements in that regard.Do you want to read a good fighting cultivation novel? Go for it. Wanna read some romance tangled in it, nah no chance

I don't know if RWX remembered it, but I'm one of the few who recommended him to translate DE long before Panlong's end story. No matter if he couldn't remember, but all I can say is that I'm happy he took the advice and continued the DE with a surprisingly low chapters back then (75 ch. As I can remember). And it was a great success. :) Thank you for the translation, I really enjoyed it. This is a great story by the way, 10/10 since I've been an avid reader to this whole novel long before it's popularity (Also thank you for the previous translator Water...melon... uhg. I forgot OMG. If not for you, starting the novel, I wouldn't have found this gem. Thank you all so much!!!)

Overall this is one of the best novels ever written. It is that good.There is no harem, which is a major bonus.Our hero starts off a simple boy that has to train and become stronger. His past life *which is in the synopsis* he was super ill and so now he has a chance to do things he could never dream of, but he just wants a simple life. He has a loving family and that's how he starts to train in the sword.Throughout the story you can see how much he loves his family and loved ones and pushes himself from a regular human to gain power. There is a lot of blood, sweat, and tears in this story. It almost seems that just like his past life of helping and doing do much for others, he does the same in this life. I think that he stays true to himself even though the circumstances change. In some ways he grows a lot as a person, especially as he gains more power. He can't just stop because his loved ones need his power.Anyway, it is just a fantastic series and in my top 5 recommendations.

Read it from beginning to end, for what it is, it is good. I read this after CD (Coiled Dragon) and it was worth it and. It's not like most novels with harems or vengeance killing to move it's plots and the power systems is well thought out.Having read a lot of Chinese novels in the same veins as MGA, this is rather refreshing. It has some elements of those other novels but is doing its own thing at the same time. You have questions and their answers on what is Dao, leveling up, face-smacking, and their own struggles and growth. Though after a certain amount of volumes, it expands more into world building and the adventures of Ji Ning than of those around it or whom we have met before.

This novel has a lot of elements which are typical of the genre but in such a way that it makes it a classic; this novel is certainly on the list of "novels which any cultivation novel fan should give a try". It is to the extent that I would argue if you hate this novel then you probably aren't meant for the genre in the first place.I'm not really one for writing wordy reviews and I really just wanted to show my support. But, what I will say before going is that this novel is, without a doubt, easily within my top 10 favourite cultivation novels and is one which you should not hesitate to try. If you end up not liking it then it's no big deal, but if you do like it then you will have found a long-time favourite which will provide hours and hours of entertainment.

Desolate Era is one of my favorite novels. I actually care about a lot of the characters when I read this so when all of them start dieing like flies it really sucks. Okay, just joking, but characters DO DIE in this novel. The MC, Ji Ning, isn't always strong enough to save the people he cares about and this is his primary motivation, to protect his family, friends, teachers, etc. So don't worry, he isn't getting stronger because someone called him trash and things just escalated rapidly from there. Imagine if no one ever bullied Chu Feng or called him trash? MGA would never have had a story!Anyways, where was I? Oh yeah, doing a review. The world building mainly relies on Chinese mythology, especially the first half, so characters like Nuwa, Pangu, Son Wukong, and a lot of other characters from various Buddhist and daoist legends show up throughout.Also, the cultivation system relies HEAVILY on understanding the "Dao" or the mysteries of the universe which means this is, in my opinion, an excellent cultivation system where the MC is not just randomly leveling up.For the most part the world building actually carries the story for most of the novel. I am ALWAYS interested about the new places he travels, the stories behind them. What I guess I am trying to say is the world feels REAL. For example I feel the Grand Xia Dynasty is a real empire, and not some random place. It actually has laws and order, and while might always makes right in this universe, the evil vilians still have to make sure they stay in the shadows or at the very least make sure that have a good casus belli.But what makes this novel REALLY GOOD! Is that Ji Ning uses Swords. Swords are cool. They are a REAL cultivators weapon! There is a reason they call him the Sword Saint Ji Ning! He has SO MANY SWORDS that I can't even keep track!

I've so loved it that now I miss all these peoples; Nuwa, Ninedust, and all and everyone else.Also the Horned Brightshore.I hate so much when the characters comes to life after all those adventures and messes, and just in this moment, the story ends.Surely, also, at this point, what remains to say?Also for the comments; what also to say, about a story with characters that catches your heart. Always true to their self,  not in a 'stucked' way,  but evolving, becoming,  simply living.A special thought to Yu Wei. This story it's perhaps her story more than a lot others.P.s.I'll remember the "Painting of Mother Nuwa" for all the lifeFarewell, guys

I'm fairly new to reading Wuxia type novels.  I will however say that off the ones that I have read thus far, none has  irked me as much as this one.  The story starts off ok, then it like REALLY?  The love story, whack; the time shifts are sooooooooo super long. U read one sentence and the next paragraph, over a billion years has transpired and the main character is still at the same level. C'mon.  I didn't even finish it.  I read most of it, and skimmed through towards the end. Then my month was up and on to the next story because I wasn't going to use my VIP for this again.  Maybe I'll just listen to the rest on youtube, maybe not.  I know how it ends.Its a C.  I don't necessarily want to dislike it because most of the book is Ok, just when it gets to the end does it get off track for me.  But I am going to dislike, for those who will consider this novel; so that they can have a different opinion then how great or much of a masterpiece it is.

Desolate Era is by the same author as Coiling Dragon. That alone should peak your interest to crack open this tale but I might as well continue to give you a better picture of the story.The book starts out similarly to Coiling Dragon and does share a few parallels in how it was written and the journey taken. A young man dies and is sent to the underworld. Here he is meant to lose his memories however a plot by an unknown force at the time allows him to retain his memories. He is then reborn into a clan on a small planet. His family controls a small territory but is by no means the "head honcho" of the land. From here we go through the standard process of cultivate, grow, find treasures, kill some bad guys and repeat. By the end of the novel we're looking at TTGL levels of insanity but the book stays fun throughout the entire story.It's definitely worth the read!

One of my Very First Novels. Interesting, Awesome and overwhelmingly good.The author (I eat tomato) did a good job by slowly developing MC and explaining every cultivation levels. He didn't level up MC crazily like other novels. The very techniques are over-explained which made it more interesting. The most interesting is the path to THE DAO. It shows the vastness of Dao itself. If you want to know everything and understand everything, I highly recommend you read this novel.A bonus fact or should I say spoiler, here it is, "Liar is hidden in the truth." Figure out the spoiler.

First I must tell you that this is an ideal novel for those who are starting to enter the world of Chinese cultivation, because our protagonist is originated in our time and therefore has more coherent and intelligent thoughts, although this story is very extensive it does not become boring nowhere, although there are no relevant secondary characters throughout the novel, they fulfill their role in their particular arches .... arches that span the most varied places and with well-written and captivating environments ... as for the novel he It is very good but it is not a harem .... finally if you are a beginner reader this story is for you, and if you are a veteran reader and have not yet read this story it must be because in some mysterious way you have never heard of it.

Absolutely loved it, this is the story that really got me into Wuxia novels.There's a lot of books, but they're well worth it. Since finishing DE, nothing's compared, because it is just that good.The plot is great, in the beginning things are a little slow but I don't mind it. Everything regarding cultivation is explained clearly and Ji Ning is a great protagonist that doesn't get new and powerful things thrown in his lap. As he grows in strength and progresses along the cultivation path, we see new and more powerful enemies and more importantly, allies as well.The thing I love the most is the cultivation system; it's clear some thought has went into it. Next would be the fact that the world is so vast, with so many mysteries and wonders.(There's some great wars in there as well, just to spice things up.)I loved it, best so far.

My very first novel. This novel is great. A well developed and interesting power system. The MC is a decent guy who's got a good head on his shoulders. Romance is Meh. The combat is great. Story's really good to. The setting is vast and ancient.Overall this is a great story.And now, time for some filler.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - -- -

If you're looking for a new novel, this is definitely a good one to pick up. Despite having 2000+ chapters, the author does not bore you with pointless arcs and gets straight to the point.The goodNo bullcrap pointless arcsIntegrates Chinese mythologyCultivation stages are actually sensibleTime skips were used where it matteredThe badSometimes MC can be a little stupidThe endingSome questions left unanswered even after the endOne thing I felt like he could have improved on was the ending and personally did not like how it was rushed. I still have a few more questions after reading the novel(but I did not write it since that's going to spoil it)/ Overall I highly recommend this, one of the best novels I've read and I'm sure it will not waste your time!

This is my first wuxia book which I read from start to finish so, you could say that I kinda like this book as it is not overbearing and will like to recommend to fellow people who like me are rather wary of harem books. Well! There is not much I can't say  about this book it is my first IET book and I am hoping to read another one of his books. Though this book has it's own flaws but honestly this book is much better than the wuxia books I have read before. Finally I finished 100 words.

First book I read on Wuxia World and still the bench mark I use for all the other books that I read. I highly recommend this book to anyone whether you are just getting into Wuxia World or if you just have not gotten around to this novel yet, then you really should. Do not misunderstand, the series has its ups and downs but overall you will thank yourself for taking the time to read this and I am confident that you will enjoy it. Please do not take my word for it check it out and I am sure that you will agree.

F@#$ if anyone disagrees that this was not one the best books on Wuxiaworld then I curse them to read a 1000 times until  they get it.Anyways thanks rex even though it is 2 years too late, well as you know better  late than never.Just to make up for the word count, enjoy ,, ,,,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,,🤣 ,, ,, 😼 .. . . . . . .. . . . . .. . . . . ..  . . .. . . . . . . . . . .. . . .. . . . . . . .

I like this book a lot and have read it a couple of times.  The characters are easy to follow and you can get into them.  Great job to the author for the interpersonal relationships and the overall flow.Is nice not to have an OP MC this allows the story to flow correctly, the events to happen more naturally and the feel of the overall book allows one to truly understand and enjoy the journey.The only real downer for me is the persiut of power only leaves one alone at the end and this is the true tragedy.

I hate to give this a short review but the only thing I can say if you are undecided after reading all the other reviews. Know this desolate era is not a waste of time and it is a thoroughly fleshed out amazing novel do yourself a favor and get to reading it you won’t regret it. Ji Ning is I guess a way of putting it is very very human and the character building and ever expanding knowledge of the world is a wonderful thing to behold.  Definitely one of my top 3 novels on Wuxiaworld don’t miss out.

im  liking it, true to what wuxia novels should be, thoroughly explains the power system and for once there is actually a good amount of time spent learning skills and abilities. even though its summarized I can at least say that the mc is properly learning everything, and not just some op talented god of a character. One of the things for starting this series is though that he does not really encounter people or have meaningful interactions with many people at the beginning, basically it lays a huge foundation at the start so we readers can properly understand the scaling of everything, but all in all really good.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED- Even if your a 'harem' addict this novel will still keep you on the hook even though the MC will only have 1 wife.- It has it's good theories, mysteries and whatnot in relation to the Dao and they have awesome and super cool detailed fights and the MC is not some overly blessed and overpowered hero of the world or something and he has his own ups and downs and life lessons that just keep you intrigued on how will this story progress and in the end you just discovered that it ended just like that and realized that it's such a good novel.- Super worth it to read. I swear!🤩😘

great story of an era in the past. i really love it so much hoping to access freely all the chapters without buying.  it is very difficult to stop reading it , thus , i am hoping to be given free access to all the chapters of the story until the end. Ji Ning is a typical hero in a modern era. wanted to make the most of life what is given to him  by the heavens. undergoing hardship is a way of tempering self for life experiences to have a more enduring and fulfilling life ahead.  looking forward for you to grant me the chance to read this story until end without paying a cent. thank you!

If you've never read a cultivation LN before this is the perfect starting point. It introduces all the basic ideas that are essential to the cultivation genre in a competent manner and is an amazing read for the first couple arcs.Honestly I do have some complaints about the title of this LN. "Desolate: adjective, (of a place) deserted of people and in a state of bleak and dismal emptiness." the novel is rich in both characters and there are vast varieties of flora and fauna. Perhaps it's talking about cultivation techniques? but it felt like there were a lot of those too? Anyway i felt like the title of the novel was never really explained or lived up to.I think most people will agree the weakest aspect of the novel is the romance. it felt like very few chapters were spent towards the romantic lead and that Ji Ning falls in love with for the  rest of the story and then when the fallout hits he spends the ENTIRE rest of the novel pining for her and trying to rectify what happened. This is especially frustrating because later in the story we get introduced to much more interesting female characters who seem much more helpful and are definitely more interesting.Does this story eventually become repetitive? yes, but it's a 1450 chapters long LN. I can say that in the literal hundreds of LN's I've read maybe only 10 manage to keep it fresh through the ENTIRE story and most of those were only a few hundred chapters long.While Desolate Era is not the best light novel ever written it's a lot of fun and a great time waster and definitely worth a read.

Can someone tell me if theres any way I can by pass the karma shit... I know they have to make money but I can't even read my favorite book on here 😭😭I need help. Just to add on lol hi hi hi hi hi ki ki ke ky gm sh sh d f f r f fbi jr kok cool ko kdj jtb the h j h h h h h huh. H. Sig j j nj j j. Hc Seth tub huh in I. Bhb bgfc. Ffv. Buub. Hyuv hyuv hhhbbuubvhuhb vhhbbhhh bhub dig. F f f f f

ONE OF THE BESTIts the story that hooks you up to binge read it . It have fightings ,character growth, and MC have strong mind .I like mostly all of it. Specially the will of the MC and having performed the both refined arts. I recommend everyone to try to read the chapters you will automatically get hooked by it, bet it fighting or suspense, making character growth steady yet at fast pace roaming in whole kingdom having encounter of the treasure and artifacts ,formation,Dao.- - - I specially liked the enlightenment state of dao . . .

I, personally would not recommend this novel because of few factors.1. Story is average.2. Characters are not well built especially MC.3. Each event/process/phenomenon is hastily mentioned which is theorictally difficult to visualise.4. The story has sudden twists and turns which a reader at least expects from a novel.Aside from story , in which is about three realms fighting each other Endlessly which is typical in human history, MC character is childish and immature. He gets confused, puzzled, amused, shocked, happy, sad, raged, instantly. This is sign of childish attitude. He readily accepts offers and invitations,by which he easily gets into trouble. He invites trouble everytime he goes out adventuring. He has thousands of years to live but he is in such a hurry like his gf is gonna get raped anytime. He resurrects his parents but can't wait few years to meet his Dao partner. What a shitty character I have ever read. He goes meeting with friends and puts them.in danger as well in case mu northson. I have read till 15 chapters and I am already frustrated from his puny gimmicks and skirmishes. The novel doesn't deserve a recommendation.

Ok where do I start, I read Desolate era, a year and a half ago, and to be honest it is still an unforgettable experience the world/ universes/ Dimensions are so well thought out honestly I have never read anything like it till this day, I have read a few in my time like SCOG, SOTR, TODG, ATG, Divine throne of primordial blood, and a few more I can't remember off the top of my head, and I don't claim to be a "connoisseur of manhua", I am just saying this particular novel I would definitely rate above the one's mentioned above, without a shadow of a doubt, for me the most memorable novel I have ever read so far, BTW if anyone knows of a manhua that is better than this I would really like to know as I feel this one is hard to beat, putting harems aside but yes so far this one is unbeatable in both plot - action - love and the ending, the pace is steady all throughout, the space wars felt like something out of Star- Wars - and Guardians of the galaxy, meets Ninja scroll, or Shonen anime's with swords if you like, it's so hard to describe with words but in short most certainly worth the read, very addictive I might add "warning" and not a waste of time I know for certain I will remember this even in the next realm.

So, I have tried a fair few chinese novels that include a basis of cultivation.This is the only one that was consistently good enough to keep me gripped enough to finish the whole story. The pacing was really good and I quite enjoyed the focus on cultivation was not so much take this pill it gives you energy or the blood of a divine beast, giving immense power and was a lot more based off of use of the daos (elements).The plot itself is interesting, with setbacks, wars and takes a unique direction in some parts. And all the characters seem consistent to their beliefs and the way they are portrayed till the end. Great piece and I definitely recommend.

The first cultivation novel that I followed from the start. Also my all time favorite. There's not much else to say that hasn't been said. I came across it right when I started reading it when webnovels, and it was incredible. I waited anxiously for new chapters and read then on the edge of my seat, my attention completely focused on the story in a way that rarely happens. When you are so involved in a story that you don't seem to notice time pass and you only realize it hours later. I don't have a really good finantial status so I barely ever spent money on unlocking chapters. This was the first of a very few that I did. And one of the handfull that I did so happily and without regrets. A classic . A must read for cultivation fans. And a incredible story to any reader finding themselves looking for a new novel.

This was a masterpiece, it contains good world building with focus on side characters and storyIt also has reasonable reasons for fights and good plot disciption plus the romance is realistic with ups and downsHe gets an op item but that's not all he has, he builds his sword dao up from the ground to a never seen before heightsPlus this story also reveals what the actual cause of wars are instead of burrrying them in history, revenge is a very common theme in this storyIn short I would absolutely reccomend this novel to any new reader to try it

I've read many novels over the last few years of being a reader of the cultivation genre, and honestly, this one just hit the spot. I wish there were a few more chapters at the end so we could get a look at the future of the chaosverse or other chaosverses, but it was still a good read. It was enjoyable for the most part, there were obviously a few things which many people didn't like, myself included. But it was honestly negligible once you get to the end, as it makes you look back and say "you know what, Ji Ning really came around". Ning's character was fleshed out very well, the other characters were too, as you really grew attached to some of them (especially Ninedust <3333). I hope if anyone is looking at the reviews and is wondering if they should pick it up, DO IT!You laugh, you feel sorrow, and you enjoy the ride, that's what this story was.

An enjoyable read. The increase of power and the cultivation progress of Ji Ning was well developed by the author. The only downside was the time scale - billions of years. To suspend belief for a cultivation fantasy is fairly easy; for the billions of years timescale - not so easy. I almost dismissed the work after reading the first few chapters, but I kept plugging at it until it captured my attention. I am glad I continued reading. The author created interesting worlds and interesting beings with some exceptions, e.g. the Aeonians. Having read a number of novel of this genre, I appreciate the author for not challenges feel like they are the same and for not piling up challenge after challenge.

Together with CD and ST in my top 5, and maybe in front of them.The novel is a masterpiece of the genre, because the author managed to make us feel that the extraordinary things happening there were coherent.The story is great, the author's storytelling and writing is magnifiscent, and the translation is very good.Though the MC has a few "lucky encounters", his achievements are because of his hard work and his pearless comprehension. His power ups are not due to finding treasures, but due to understanding his own dao, and merging the inhertances of previous experts in it through long periods of seclusion and then improvments by trials (not like oh I found a pill that will make me jump ranks overnight like in many other novels!).There were hardly any moment when I felt the author was not consistent with what he had set up before, which is quite unique in this genre.There was no time where I felt cheated by the author because of and empty filler chapter : even the slower chapters served a greater purpose than just filling the word count, often to allow consolidation of either the MC situation, or just the story telling, but they where never devoid of sense!In a nutshell, it was a bliss from start to finish, and it would be great to see other IET works on WW!

Really liked this novel, I was waiting impatiently every day for the new chapters to come out. I personally really like novel that set the protagonist as a sword cultivator so this novel fulfill that envy very well.I finished reading it almost a year ago so I don't remember if there were parts of the story that annoyed me, but just the fact that I don't remember anything bad about it shows how good this novel is.I don't really have anything else to say about this novel so this part is to pad for the word count. I hope my review won't get removed because of that!

A wonderful story, and a great translation.The combination of a wonderful fantastic story grounded in Chinese mythology which RWX does a wonderful job of giving outsiders like myself insights into.The story, like any other novel, has ups and downs - but I personally loved the ebb and flow between combat and world-building.I love that there almost always seems to be valid reasons for both the main characters decisions, and his "drive" for cultivation.The cultivation system itself seems well-organized, and seems "earned". Of course, however, like other novels there's transitions where the seemingly highest cultivation level is suddenly commonplace, but there's reasonable explanations as to why.

I don't wanna get to wordy but, this novel for me is the basis of what I judge to be an amazing novel if its anywhere close to this one. like TE as I have read the comments are very similar. The author did a great job of creating suspense, as you get farther in the story it actually gets better imo it got harder to predict where it would go without going completely off the wall. It gives hints about pasts events in books before hand and they keep it referenced throughout, just enough to keep em the back of your head

Desolate Era is a book that balances adventure, fantasy, and all the emotions of the heart. Our protagonist is a mere cripple with a good heart, and is rewarded with good Karma for his virtuous deeds by reincarnating with his memories in tact. With a myriad of things motivating our protagonist, he slays his way through all obstacles and charms all allies to dominate and reign supreme on his journey for the Dao. Read all about the amazing tales of a man who goes on to rule his entire universe on his quest for love. Ten out of ten would recommend to those who seek a long, thrilling, and captivating novel.

It's and exiting Novel and Guide you True It's world att a good pace and lets you Understand and get a good Picture of the world and  it's Cultivation system and  the mc actually earns and Trains to get his strength it is not just Dropt in his lap .And the fighting is Usually exiting to read whit some exceptions and the story keeps you Interested and on your toes True it's Turns and Twists all the way to the end =^.^= Meow ..this novel is Hilly recommended and  i hope many more will enjoyed it in the future like i haw,

Great novel in my opinion.  First 37 books really grabbed me.  I personally couldn't read beyond book 38 because of the authors choice of direction with the story (if you read the comments in the final chapters of that book, you'll find i'm not the only one), but I'd overall recommend it regardless.Read until book 37 if you:1. Enjoy heroic stories in which you follow a boy becoming a man - with some romance.Read beyond book 37 if you:1. Can't stand not finishing a story.2. Are okay with being severely disappointed.3. Read stories without identifying with main or side characters.

The pacing is quick and succinct - it doesn't dilly dally with side quests and whatnot; mind you, thus there's a lot of time skips, eventually, it skips several thousand chaos-cycle (basically like more than trillions of years). The problem with this though is that there aren't any lasting characters accompanying the MC. After the side characters' arc, they're basically done for and will be sparsely mentioned again. So, it's a little hard to connect with them even as some perish.I like the fact how the series rewards hard work and putting in effort towards one's foundation. But you can definitely feel how the author is trying to push through the middle to last arcs. Hence, you begin to learn to expect how the story will develop: MC trains for SUPER LONG TIME --&gt; gets stuck, needs to get inspiration through battle/adventuring --&gt; breakthrough.

whew, finally i finished this Novel!Im really amazed how truly awesome this Novel is haha.At the start just thought hm it’s quite interesting for time killing but the more your read, the more the World building is going to amaze you.i lovel novels with big world buildings but that one Lady’s and Gebtleman is going to burst your imagination apart.Truly AmazingYou can feel how the author is putting his blood and sweat inside it.The Character isn’t some blind, only massacring and brutish MC.The MC has up and downs, the Story is easy to read and der ISNT to much plotarmor.I strongly Recommend that one as „easy starting“ novel for people who are new.i love it thank !🤤

Muy buena novela, buena trama, el MC no resulta ser un OP sin suficiente sacrificio en el camino, pero odio a la dichosa waifu.Sporiler alerta!!Dichosa waifu vinieron a elegir, no se si fue que el autor llevo todas sus frustraciones de la vida real con las mujeres a esta novela, la primera lo abandona por su clan y esta salio tan pendeja traicionera, y no me vengan con que la estaban manipulando, idiota si realmente sabes que vas a tener que ayudar al enemigo del hombre que amas a derrotarlo porque no te suicidas desde antes de hacerlo perder, no ella hace su lio y despues se suicida, no joda nadie demasiadas mejores habian para ser la Waifu. Lo que mas me duele es que yo lei esta novela despues de Leer The Great Ruller (con todos sus pro y contra) que tiene una de las mejores waifus que me encontró en las lecturas que él hizo.La de ella que mientras no le haga daño directo a Ji Ning todo esta bien, anja pero estas ayudando a que el pierda todo lo que el ama del mundo que esta pero mientras el siga vivo esta bien... Mas idiota y ridícula no pudo ser esta jodía Waifu

This is a great book for fans of the genre who are just getting started or those who are a little sick of the sociopathic cultivators of many book worlds.Coiling Dragon is of course the other.This is well written but above all sensible and logical. The MC is not a reincarnated superhuman nor does he have some ridiculous OP item or amazing guide trapped in an item.The MC is not a cripple, or trash or blah blah. He's like a normal dude born to loving parents in a normal place.He acts like a sensible person. Feuds make sense. Enemies do logical things. People don't seem to only want to seek death!My only real criticism is that his motivation is really lame.

First novel on wuxiaworld,will definitely recommend anyone who likes reading light novels to read this.The structure from earth 》 Netherwolrd&gt;first stage cultivation from mortal to world god level &gt; 2 stage finding your own dao samsara dalord 1 step to 4 step then daomerge to become eternal  transcending from the realms verse and stepping into the great dark&gt;3 stage the dao is all etc. The structure is superherb and can continue forever if the author did not choose to end it after reaching the infinite void and chaos lord stage. Just my opinion since it my first light novel 8.5/10 simply because I wish that the fighting section and the villains were more difficult making the mc face ridiculous setbacks. Overall a really great novel for first timers.

This is a novel where the only way to upgrade your realm in cultivation is to have better insights into the Dao. I fell this novel would be the most realistic as it doesn't take him 30 years to become the strongest like in every other novel. This novel is probably the most realistic on how long it would take to be as strong as Ji Ning is. The cultivation levels are clearly explained to you so that it's easy to understand and the main character doesn't just skip entire levels just because he found a rare treasure that will boost him 20 levels. This novel rarely uses treasures that go above him realm of understanding.

I really enjoy it, but the things that I don't like were...---The romance was nothing speciaI, I don't like how the author manages it, I think he doesn't have much experience in this topic.---A few characters are introduced as very important were unfortunately overshadowed and forgotten pretty quickly without contributing to the plot much at all, I think because of the all the hard work the author put to the novel he decided to cast away the many characters introduced along the way and I don't like it because we as readers developed affections to them, so he should invested more time explaining the histories of each important person that contributes in the grow of the MC.I hope the next work of this author improves in the interpersonal relationships.

It's a good read, but the MC is definitely not the brightest. He falls into a lot of situations where the plot armor in the form of an "epiphany" saves his ass. The number of times he should have been dead due to his sassiness was innumerable.This is a standard "MC has the ability to defeat people several levels higher than him" type of story. He goes through trial after trial that was designed to make him stronger, and kills a bunch of people who keeps thinking that bullying is a good idea.And a lots of "chickens" were killed.

It’s just so fkng good! I recently just finished reading it. I will be the first to say I’m actually sad that there’s no more. Yet the ending was great!! The universe is incredible. I love that there aren’t a million arrogant young masters every arc. It’s so refreshing. The MC is perfect. He isn’t soft but he isn’t a complete overbearing pshycho either who destroys a clan just because someone messed with him when he was 10.Overall I don’t think there will be another DE, I Eat Tomatoes has outdone himself with this one and sadly, I wish some short stories would pop up here and there.

loved it, was a good read.Not sure about why I have to put it in 100 words but I binged the hell out of this novel, couldn't stop reading chapter after chapter until I finished it. I even ignored chapter releases for other novels on this site that I pay for to finish this novel. It was great, the cultivation system and the overall mystery was interesting, the novel made on the edge of my toes or whatever phrase that is at every turn and the friendship with Ninedust and Ning's retainers was good too. You usually don't see something like that in these novels. Ah, finally over the 100 word limit :)

2nd only to Coiling Dragon.A beautiful told story that gives you all the ups and downs I love in this genre. Character development stays at a good pace which keeps you involved at all times. He’s a OP character but not in a way that makes the story feel too predictable, Ji Nings intelligence isn’t something to be over looked and knows how to payback a debt of blood.With a side love story that doesn’t take over the story. I love this series I’ve read it 6 times and am thinking about reading it again just because the journey is so fun to follow.

I dropped this at the end of book 23, the first 10 books or so I found fantastic, it had really good world building, interesting developments, characters that were more than just side characters that it was fun to read about.Once the developments started turning into a generic "big fight, can't win....oh powerup lol hulk smash" the magic started to disappear, almost every character you met in the first 10 books just disappear to almost never be mentioned again. Sure I get it the main character is supposed to level up and move onto the bigger picture but when every situation is just tailored to suit the MC it gets pretty lame quick.By book 15 or so I started to skip big chunks of text and only skim reading since most of the content becomes irrelevant in the next 2 or 3 chapters. By the end of book 23 I'd given up, I'll treat it as if it was the real end and leave it there since it finally concluded the thing that had been dragged out for the past 10 books or so, again solved by the magical timely power-up out of nowhere (yes you could argue inspiration in the face of death isn't magical but it certainly isn't earned).

Excellent Novel.The start of the storyline is unique. The pace is good. The trials that MC undergoes make us sympathize with him. The story pace and development in the Pangu's world was great. However, after the MC went travelling across the universe, the story started moving at a very fast pace, which is still quite good, as there were several significant ups and downs, which often is missing in other novels. There is no excessive influence of romantic affairs for MC in this novel, which is a surprising difference when compared to other novels, where the MCs have bevy of women throwing themselves at MC.

One of the best fantasy novel I’ve had the opportunity to read - it was beautifully written, with intricate and detailed world-building and well-developed characters.Ji Ning, the hero of the story was noble and loyal. His growth was steady and believable. It’s hard not to fall in love with his character. The story started in a small corner of a world, but slowly developed to encompass a universe.Good job with the translation as well. I was totally engrossed with the content for months on end. I’m very happy with the ending, but sad the story has ended. A must read for those who loves this genre. ❤️

Yesterday, my journey in reading this series ended. I needed to reflect a little before posting my review.Out of 45 books, I would say 5 of them are a little bit bad, but overall it is an amazing piece. I'll try to split my opinion on different topics.MC: Amazing. Really good MC. No other words.Romance: Classic and simple. No harem. "One love". Really like it.Cultivation system: Almost perfect. Understanding the dao is what only makes you powerful, really like it. From my point of view, it only has one problem, but it is only seen in the final 5 books, so you don't need to worry about it.  (Light SPOILER: Inventing an overall solution to the daomerge. Daomerge should be as it was explained at the very beginning, a hard bottleneck. That's the only thing I dislike from this lightnovel).Starting steps: Really good, like almost all wuxias and xinxias.Final steps: I dislike how the author tackled the Sithe ark (not really a spoiler), but he solved the problem using the final two books.

this is my first ever review leftThis was one of the best books i have read in recent yearsgood use of cultivation and not your standard harem and many young masters needing a slapif you want something you can sink your teeth into and be taken for a long ride i would 100% recommend this bookthanks to Wuxiaworld for the translation and thanks to tomatoes for spend 2.5 years of his life to write such an amazing storyi have and will recommend this book to any and all people  will listenthanks againDarkanubis  is off on his next adventure

Superb translation and editing, but to me, while story idea is great it is poorly executed. At the end of the day Chinese language is very difficult to translate for western audience. This is my opinion/review but for you novel may be great. If you have the time, by all means, give it a shot.-------I've enjoyed  first 3rd of the novel but it vent downhill from there.In my opinion, power levels are clunky and it seems they were added as a afterthought while author was rushing through the chapters. Universe, is just as clunky, one arc it seems to be flat and another planets  and stuff like that described. Other universes are in one arc are zones scattered through the darkness and in other arc, these are multiverse/parallel universes created by most powerful cultivators. (No-one can match Er Gen with building multiverse)MC is rising, or should I say blasting up in the power, without any major setbacks. Few minor setbacks always turned to be a major gains. Characters are lacking in depth and many are left behind and forgotten. MC & side characters actions are too predictable and suspense is pretty much non-existent.This is my 3rd attempt and this time I've made to book 38, but I've lost the patience. Perhaps I've read way to much of genre in last 3 years...

When compared to other cultivation webnovels, I guess that this novel could be consdidered pretty good. However, there's one grating flaw that has caused me to drop this novel every time I tree to read it.The main character.We the reader were promised a kind mc. Instead we got someone that kills and robs people for no other reason than greed (Book 24 Chapter 18). In truth I don't hate having an evil mc, but this one isn't just evil, but a hypocrite as well. There are plenty of other instances where someone tries to kills an innocent or him, and the mc cries out against the injustice, without ever seeing the fault in his own actions. For instance, just two chapters before robbing and killing a stranger in Book 24 Chapter 18, he says this to someone who's about to rob him:“'Elder God Skysouth. I don’t wish to become enemies with you. The Windsource Ruins is a largeplace. There’s no need for us to fight to the death over these treasures,' Ning said"I'm quickly losing my interest in writing a long-ass review so I'll just briefly list other things I didn't like about the mc.1. The mc has benefited greatly from his masters being willing to go to great lengths to teach him, yet he spends practically no time teaching his own disciple.2. Was stated to be smart but occasionally does extremely stupid, forced things that are clearly meant to just force the plot along.

I love love love love love love desolate era! The storyline is definitely not repetitive unlike most xiaxia novels. Actually I came to this one after “coiling dragon “ by same author I eat Tomatoes. I highly recommend that one too.What I like most over here is that the main character is regular human with single focus on his sword. He does have some initial advantages but he is not always protected by plot armour. I could feel his struggles in my bones. Also he doesn’t go on killing frenzy. I also like that the story doesn’t revolve around harem or explicit stuff. I can download it and read it in plane without worrying about others looking at my phone.

Outstanding novel, it has a huge scope and universe but everything feels reasonable to the reader.It must be remembered that with this many chapters some turns of phrase will come over and over again, but for a novel this long the author has done a great job keeping things exciting.It must be remembered that once our main character has each breakthrough to become OP for a chapter or two all of the friends he's made get left in the dust, but aleast they're not forgotten forever.Without spoiler I can't say much about the ending except this story does wrap up and having read it all I'm glad I did.

One of my favorite series, the action and the cultivation system and the enemies were all great in the story I mostly liked it every time he would have more insights and get stronger, really satisfying, I thought it was enjoyable all through-out from the moment where he is reincarnated to when he becomes the apex. Can't really recall any flaws that I could remember as of this time but Desolate Era is a must read for anyone that likes xianxia stories, this is one of the better ones out there, I would give it 5 out of 5 stars.

This is definitely one of my all time favorite web novels, if not my all time favorite. Its definitely not perfect, but nothing ever is. I just finished reading it for a second time and enjoyed it just as much as the first time. I would definitely recommend reading this to anyone who is interested enough in this style of novel to find themselves reading this review.There are definitely parts the novel drags on, which is probably a result of the author experiencing burnout, but when that happens it is easy enough to take a break, then come back and plow through the hard parts.

I just finished reading it and it was quite pleasant.I always rate a fantasy novel in terms of, if I would have liked to live in its universe and this has been one of the most exciting ones. I would have loved to live in it and for as long as I was reading it, I kinda was.It was good traveling.Thank you to the author and translator.I'm not interested in leaving any further review so I am just writing random words until I reach the limit and I'm allowed to post: Good, exciting, wholesome, heartbreaking, indomitable.

Just…. Wow wow. Although some elements are predictable, you’ll find yourself shocked by the build towards the climax. Wonderful story. Built brick by brick. Without spoiling anything, I’ll just say that it truly encompasses every step of MC’s cultivation journey. I read around the clock and lost sleep over this novel, and I have no regrets. Great translation. My only initial qualm was that the MC had such incredible comprehension, but overlooked some basic insights at times. Perhaps it was to empower readers and make us feel smart.. haha 9.5/10. Definitely worth the read. Enjoy this great work fellow daoists.

I really like DE for it's fairly multifaceted approach to a world of cultivation. The MC, Ji Ning, isn't too different from most other MCs of the genre with most of their positive traits. He's not a brutal mass murderer though, so he has that going for him.The first half of the novel is heavy on interpersonal relationships. There are tragic scenes, we get to learn a lot about his family and their ties of karma, we get to see him go to school (cultivation school of course), finds love, loses love, finds love again, lots of drama with said love. All this while he's cultivating in a world pregnant with references to Chinese mythology and Taoism.The novel comes to a head with a grand war that threatens the entire realm he loves. He faces the greatest tragedy of his life and that actually fuels his determination to grow strong enough to defeat all his enemies, which he eventually does.The second half focuses on his journey away from his starting realm, into a much bigger universe. There are much fewer interpersonal relations and drama, and the characters from his home realm are largely, but not totally, excluded. Some might say that this book is much weaker than the first, but I enjoyed the journey, especially how he basically had to start from what is almost the lowest position, to embarking on and succeeding in a path of cultivation that no one before him has. He has setbacks, but is able to overcome them over and over again.The novel ends as one might expect, with another grand war and then omnipotence.Not one of the best novels I've read, but it was a great journey in cultivation to be sure.

This novel is for Dao lovers ! The way we follow the main character throught his purchase of the Dao is what keep you reading ! One of the best way to learn in general about the Dao in all novel.Plus it's not only Dao, there are Sword Arts !Even throught it's a "higher world-higher threat" type of novel you will clearly not feel it ! It's not forced and the journey is a majestic one.The main character is a loyal guys, do not expect the harem, because their is none ! And he is also loyal to his friends and familly even throught he is gone to a higher world ;)

This novel opens up an entire world, similar to CD, TE. But Desolate Era has its charm, the first half being amazing, mind blowing.With a well established cultivation system, Desolate Era is definitely a must read, and can be considered as a classic on this website.The story is entertaining, the fights are impressive, and the MC is always driven to empower himself due to various enemies.The story introduces somewhat hard to understand concepts like karma, establishing a complex system.Although the story seemed stretched too long, towards the end,  I loved it, and I would recommend it to anyone(who doesn't only reads harem).

My favorite novel on WW so far.Great translation, good release schedule, amazing world, stunning/epic story and character growth. Many arcs could be stand alone in my opinion. Most of the characters play their role well and even some who might have been forgotten along the way make their comeback at some point in the story.Hardship, death, discovery of the truth, personal growth (body, power, mindset), betrayal &amp; love...Everything is in the novel which make it so good.On the other side, (no spoiler though), I found the ending a little bit lacking. The last arc was not so much to my liking and it feels like the author was a bit tired and tried to finish the story the best he could. It doesnt affect the whole much though and I am still highly recommending it. I give it a solid 9/10.

Be strong, be smart, always remember good and bad towards you.Be kind and Never give Up.Never betray those important to you.Train so hard that nothing will scare you.Take some risks in order to be more fortunate then others.This novel teaches so much that it is almost a guide on how to survive in a world of injustice and prevail under any circunstances.I hope you enjoy as much as me. The MC is awesome in order to overcome his own limits in ways that we could never understand.And this novel has a beginning and and end.Don't lose hope, maybe we can meet on the other side.

My first read in wuxia i stumbled upon it while reading the manga but im unsatisfied with it and decided to search the novel.Started reading here in wuxia been a fan ever since.--- Love the plot and the evolution of the MC. Its super cool he values family and friends.--- how he gains his cultivationand how he maintains such humbleness despite what he achieved in his life--- super amazing author for the best read. The plot twist and struggles the MC is undergo and how he overcomes it is amazing.You wont regret reading this novel and the author. Super recommended!

My first wuxia novel. So i am biased I guess, because I loved it so much and after reading some more novels of different genre I still recommend it. MC is normal guy by personality which I very much liked. He travels the long cultivation path on which we meet lot of people with different personalities. The expansion of world and level of cultivation just keeps the Boundary pushing further. It could have expanded further but he destroys the possibility with his own hand and says , this is enough. I am going to recommend for this reason only, the world development and expansion (it's very exciting ) and one true love that sets him on this journey. I will give 9/10 rating for this novel. MC has specific agenda to become stronger. He keeps his friends and family close by till the end. Many memorable characters stick till end and author gave closure to everyone's story. Every level is explained in details so quite helpful for newbies. Many mythological characters are used so it gives relevance. Only ONE KISS in whole novel so they kept it pretty clean and focussed on more important matters. It has HAPPY ENDING and leaves you with satisfaction.

Another IET novel. I like his work a lot. Ji Ning grows in believable ways. The conflicts feel reasonable. There is no harem/ecchi nonsense. The MC is a bit of a Gary Stu, but he's relateable and human enough that I didn't care.The story follows Ji Ning, but it also follows a war between worlds that lasts the entire novel. It makes the book feel planned. Even during cliche tropes like auctions, hidden realms, war hero and academies, it doesn't waste a ton of time. There are a few filler chapters, but they're usually battle descriptions.Overall, I highly recommend this novel.

Absolutely Fabulous.  You never get tired.The story even connects you with a human journey then takes you to the greater universe and beyond and you never get tired of the story. It just keeps getting more and more exciting.Even when the pace of the story slows it is only to make connections with previous elements that's were hinted at. The excitement is not just Je Ning's fighting prowess but his intelligence. Even with all his power, he stays dedicated to the woman he loves for billions of years and more. It is truly a beautiful and well written story.

A very late review.. I think a year later or something...Honestly, one of the first cultivation novels I read and I glad I did as it was good example for novel in it's genre, after I read it, all other cultivation novel didn't feel that much interesting.... I try find novels such good as this one but I can't....The MC is so realistic and it doesn't feel forced or like plot armoured.. other characters also great..Cultivation relam is just perfect... Battles are well played and romantic subplot is one the best... It's a pearl in the ocean......Really recommended for those who haven't read it...TOP RATED..

would rate is a 7 out 10 amazing read would read all day but sadly i'm a peasant with no karma points the mc is actually hard working and not just op by default loved how his dad is always cold and overall an amazing novel i really loved how they were always maintaining the constant amazing story he didn't just fight everyone after looking at them and was a kind and compassionate person also smart one of my best reads but i only read 3 so far sooo ya but a total masterpiece amazing would read more but im broke XD really sad

I have very little reconnection of most of the start since it is a really long while since I read it, but I liked this story quite a lot as far as I remember.The cultivation system was interesting to follow, and the main character is a pretty good character for the focus of this story. While there are some obvious tropes you can look past them because it is interesting enough. This story also has a pretty interesting ending. Since while I was reading this it was the first time I met that kind of ending and to me that was pretty cool.

No comment can describe itSee it once is better than hear it 10000xFor the shake of the word count so just mumbo jumble here you dont have to read itIt has a nice story concept and nice development out of it..... less trash word fillerDont. Have to read itQ w e r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k l z x c v b. N m q w e r t. T y u i o p a s d f g h j k l z x c v bn

This a cultivation with a great amount of time skips. Additionally, the author is one who is known for giving the main character a strong resolve for cultivation that lasts the entire novel. I enjoyed The Desolate Era mainly because I admired the protagonist, his desire to see his loved ones, and how he constantly looked forward in life. I loved how moving the characters were and at certain character deaths I heavily cried due to the author's and translator's efforts to convey the sorrow the main character felt about these deaths. I truly enjoyed this novel and hope others would give it a try.

Actually, this novel is a masterpiece in fantasy genre with a huge concept of universe that even most of the novels here couldnt be compared to.Firstly, the MC is a cautious and warm person with bit of wits and intelligence, what more is his stama and will in his cultivation.Second, this novel does not turn into a harem. The lover of MC is his unremmiting pursuit that motivates and forces him to improve his level of cultivation.Importantly, the MC has the gift which is reasonsble and unexaggerated unlike the pragiraized system or tools. What he gains is what he struggles to pursue.

One thing i try to tell authors is that if you make the beginning too easy,use what i like to call time skips too often then the power may be earned but because the reader has experienced little of the actual training with the character it may feel hollow,I understand that its boring to go through training in a book sometimes,but i think it’s necessary for the reader to truely appreciate the growthIt seems like a good book,the power structure feels a bit messy and the character sometimes feels like his power is given to him rather than earned,mostly as a result of his beginningI enjoyed and i am still enjoying the book,though a bit of depth to some of its characters wouldn’t be hated.although grasping everything or I suppose being good at everything isn’t an inherent flaw it does rob the reader of a sense of weight of the power the reader earned.Grasping thing easier due to reincarnation makes sense,but i feel that the authors uses the concepts benefits without its drawbacks.So it may end up feeling lob sided.All of this is to say that as someone who has read what must be at least 100 wuxia and xiaxan( I have extreme trouble spelling)books its a good book,this some effort and polish it could be a great book6.9/10

After months of reading, I finally came to an end! But deep down I didn't want it to arrive.One of the best Novels I've ever read, with an exciting story, you want to be reading, reading and reading all the time, in your spare time, before bed, no matter the location, you see yourself inside the story and start viewing the scenario where the character goes through.The difficulties that Ji Ning faces during the journey and the overcoming that he conquers.Very exciting, you cry in some chapters in others you hate the evil characters hoping they are defeated.Thank you very much for this excellent work!

All I have to say about this novel: NICEnow come the filler words: hello i bad gorh gu pti ma rk ar ste sdadkal;fj  ksdolvfjs  dlkxgfhjlskvf ups,kvtizn,.ldigc  uovc erwcwse zghvcefgx  sfdgzvzdlv  lkfijk d k  s;lkn gnbg h nlvfj  hd vg,qlxh edh sjd;fgz sihui hyiu yuiui  kl l l l l l ;l ; ; kjloik ujui j htg ufu hj b k nj lk mj kl o kferuiw f  wieoy sf hkseef hkjdgh kjc   oI: rg njakl kjag oiear gai  uferoi fuzokjzs ;io iu hfjkusdd h j tuikf hisf hjkj  gh uhgi g geuig yuieg u fgie

My first book ever. To this day I can't find something as good as this book. What makes it a masterpiece is the translation. RWX beautifully         translated this masterpiece so well it's as though staring at a clear image.the word choice delivery is amazing. I would absolutely suggest to read it especially new readers. Also the author is amazing . His work gets better and better. Translation = 10 / 10                    . I promise it definitely not going to be one of those book you end up dropping or just feel like the pace is to slow. GO FOR IT

Gercekten cok guzel ve emek verilmis bir kitapOkumanızı coook oneriyorumOH MY GOSH I LOVED IT---The conflicts feel unavoidable and reasonable---The setting kept me on my toes with how vast it was---The author did a great job of forming, maintaining, and ending interpersonal relationships. Here's the thing: when you have a world where it's necessary to leave behind everything you know in your pursuit of power, it WILL happen! So many readers seem to forget simple things like that.---The powerups feel earned and reasonable---The antagonists aren't all one-dimensional---How the MC interacts with the world is believableThere are just so many things to say about so many novels here on Wuxiaworld because they're so long...JUST READ THEM! They're great! Especially this one .

This was the first 'cultivation' novel I had ever read. I think it was a fantastic introduction to the genre. I liked how it incorporated some parts of more familiar Chinese myths/folktales into the general storyline. I was also surprised that it nearly bordered on sci-fi in some parts, but the story and world still seemed pretty cohesive.So far I've read this novel, and Er Gen's 'I shall seal the heavens'.  I liked the 'Desolate Era' story a bit more, but the translator for 'I Shall Seal the Heavens' made things easier to read in English. In any event, the characters were likeable, and this was a great read.

IET is such a wonderful author. I consider this novel a masterpiece. It has such a different soul to everything else on the genre.Following Ji Ning trough his life and the realisation of his dao of the sword was such a enjoyable journey. It didnt feel forced, cheaply gained or undeserved.The universe of this novel is beautifuly done, everything feels epic and it paints such an image on your mind. This novel feels so mythological and fantastic.Definitely check it out. I cant recommend it enough, its one (if not the best) novel on this site. You will love every second spent reading it.

This is not really a review but I came here just to reminiscent the past. This is my 3rd and 2nd completed novel few years back with CD being the first but still remember some of this stories. Come back after reading and finishing second coming of gluttony. Damn that book intro got me hooking like this. Ill leave some of my review which one I like and what I only remember. I like the power spike/scaling specially when he was a kid like we all know he is OP since he is a kid so we know he will win the tournament without opponent. Im glad the author did waste any chapter on tournament. The character development, his relationship and from middle to the end his focus on his goal which is (Spoiler). Im glad the author break them with his 1st Gf cause I remember that girl kinda of manipulative and possessive. Anyway if your looking for cultivation with a good world building, not too many stupid YOUNG MASTER that end up being annihilate by MC,  NO HAREM, exciting adventure and a great war figths. This is for you. One of my top 10 and the best Intro in novel that ive read. Like I can forget the story but will never forget that feeling when I read the 1st 3 chapter.

Loved this novel a lot! A story full of heartwarming tale of a bedridden boy dying without sin or choice only to finally have a choice at his own destiny and life in another world. He gets a chance to be reborn, good parents, exotic uncles and flat out more thrilling society bashing choices as his life goes on. The sweet, sorrow, misery and challenges he has to face. It just makes you wanna root for him more and more. In every life threatening disasters, he just comes out stronger, better and way more heaven defying. Ji Ning lives up to his name, he rises up and makes Desolate Era his. Highly recommended!

Although, i have just started, it seems like a good start, i read few Xuanhuan novels like this one, but it makes you very addicted to it. I thought at first i wouldn't like it because it takes me a long time to recognize a good novel, and this is one of those. I have started this novel, because the one i was reading previously is still updating chapter, i decided to find more and read a few chapters to see if they were good, and this one caught my attention. I recommend this one because of course i have very good eyes and the author and translator are amazing as well. Anyway, what i am saying is this is a good novel even though it stopped, you should still read it. Thank you for reading and Byee.

One of my top three Eastern Fantasy novels, Desolate Era is a top read.  (Also check out Coiling Dragon.  IEatTomatoes is probably my favorite author for these types of stories.)Biggest thing is world building.  IET is probably best at building up a huge world in another world in another world.Rich story, places, history, factions, you name it.  Cultivation system is well thought out and fun to see the progression.  MC is a little bland, but still interesting and you like him.  The story has multiple layers, and is very addicting to read.  One of the best novels on this site for sure.

The first translatednovel I had ever read was coiling dragon. It wasn't until I finished this novel and read the authors notes that I realized this was the same author and translator. This novel was just as amazing as the first I ever read and reminds me of how happy I am to have discovered this genre. I whole heartedly reccomend this novel, I swear you wont be disappointed! The character building and story are excellent and though the novel does begin to struggle a bit in the mid to late books (which is when the author says he was having the most trouble writing it) the ending is truly phenomenal and leaves you satisfied rather than a cliff or abrupt ending that I feel is all to common in the world of web novels.

This novel is so good. It's insane how much better it is than other novels of its ilk.As others have said, all the power-ups feel earned. Instead of a "heavenly sent genius with mysterious heritage" or a super hard worker, Ji Ning is supremely talented but also works very hard. The main cultivation technique Ji Ning uses in a large portion of the story is really a masterstroke by I Eat Tomatoes. It's recognized everywhere as the end all be all greatest cultivation technique there is, but the key is, it's also ubiquitous. Even the smallest clans in the middle of nowhere have a copy. However, it has a huge hurdle simply of comprehension. No more stupid arcs about getting an ultra powerful technique. The only way to get power in this world is by being talented and working hard.The cultivation system is fricking awesome in DE. This is because it's mostly about comprehension, not energy gathering. The audience isn't kept completely in the dark about the cultivation levels above the MC, because the world feels like it's actually connected. Why would a province have never heard of the next tier of cultivation just because they're weak?Which leads to another point. The structure of the setting is such that cultivators are few and far between. Thus, the trope of the MC starting in the weakest city in the weakest country on the weakest continent in the weakest planet, just so there's a reason he starts at the bottom is almost completely absent. Talented cultivators search far and wide for talented disciples. They know that people with fewer resources are not inherently less talented, so nowhere is cut off from the rest of society. It's not a mystery to anyone just how big the world is, at least at first. But when they get that far, you'll find the reasoning is justified. Of course, a big portion of this all is the cultivation technique Ji Ning uses. All that is required is talent, not money.Super arrogant rich brats practically have no place here, because no matter how many resources a faction has, if the young master is an idiot, he's not gonna to travel very far in the way of the Dao.However, the biggest praise I can heap on DE is that it never feels like the MC is pressured to leave an area arbitrarily just because the plot needs to move on. Unlike some (read: most) novels of a similar type, he is almost never forced onto the run with no way of fighting back, biding his time until he can strike back--for all of two chapters before his actions cause even more trouble than before. This means that Ning actually takes time to develop naturally, instead of being forced to take the super risky path every single time because there's no other options, and then it miraculously working out perfectly out of sheer luck.Basically, this novel is awesome. The more I think about it, the more reasons I can see as to how it's so GOOD.The weak link is the romance, but it honestly feels like the right choice. This novel is about cultivation and becoming stronger. Not about the ladies.

One of my favorite novels, but do be warned,After reading this novel, character ages and the scale of worldbuilding of other novels will feel INSIGNIFICANTLY small after reading DE.I genuinely have no way to quantify how big the world gets towards the end of the novel and most late-game characters have lived trillions to quintillions of years which make most MCs of other stories feel like babies despite them being hundreds of thousands of years old towards the end of their story.On the pros tho, Ji Ning is probably one of the only MCs who genuinely worked for his OP power. He wasn't born with some supreme talent or cheat item/system/ability. The only real advantage he got was the visualization technique in chapters 1-2 which (really minor spoilers) gave him a slightly stronger soul which gave him the ability to split his mind and let him dual-wield 2 sword arts at once in the first couple of books. But everything from the divine techniques to sword arts was perfected through his own hard work because he cherishes his second life after being bedridden the whole of his first life.And that's really refreshing.Also for those (like me) who care about this, MC is righteous but has no problem killing if the situation calls for it. He's a pacifist but almost never spares a character if they go against him

Definitely one of the better cultivation novel out there. Ji Ning reincarnates into a huge world of cultivators and fiends. Having suffered a debilitating disease in his previous life, he steps onto the path of cultivation with relish.The cultivation system is one of the things that stand out. There three main paths; ki refinement, fiendgod body refinement and heart force. Ki refiners excel at long range combat but are less durable, body refiners are tough close combat specialists. Heart force is mysterious and difficult to deal with. Underlying them all is the Great Dao, serving as a basis of everything.World is absolutely huge. It gets to the point of being ridiculous. Or maybe epic? Up to you to decide.As far as characters go, Ning outgrows them all as far as power goes. That's fine, though. I like that they don't get ridiculous power boosts just to stay relevant. Instead, those that do are emotional anchors or offer sage advice like his family or master(s).Although it's a chief motivation for Ning, I personally don't like the romance aspects. Then again, I have yet to find a cn novel with good romance, so meh.Ning's journey is one of dedication. To his family, to his goals, to his sword dao. He's persistent. He's someone you root for.Read it.

A masterpiece, I read this one year ago as it was being translated, and to this day it sticks with me. This book is outstanding with some of the most enjoyable fights and the story MUAH. 11/10 the beginning of This novel is so addicting and as the novel progresses you really see how the mc grows and are even there with the character's most intimate moments, there is a part near the end that had me cheering. This novel is truly a work of art. Every year or so I end up rereading it because I love it so much. PLEASE READ IT

I've read or started reading about 35 novels over the last couple of years on this site. Still an easy top 5 book, possibly top 3.If you enjoyed this and are looking for other novels I recommend coiling dragon, A will eternal, I shall seal the heavens, and a record of a mortals journey to immortality.Wu Dong Qian Kun, Battle through the Heavens, and Renegade immortal are honorable mentions and worth reading as well.This section is just filler because apparently we're required 100 words which is a bit crazy. Maybe some people always prefer reading concise reviews.

Okay ladies and gentleman, I am starting this "masterpiece". I was searching around for new novels cause I no-lifed everything possible on Wuxia. I heard this novel is very great with good plot and reasonable fights and power-ups. Just hope MC isn't some brainless mf who goes crazy at anything. (Like NSHBA, so disappointed with the LC recent decisions). So here I am starting this, with full hopes I will not be disappointed and I shall embarked on this Dao! Wish me luck, I'll be done in a few months if not a month. I need some words for the 100 mark, ok, I achieved it, bye.

Now i have read this book 3 times over. Each time I get to understand the nuances of the story and Ji Ning’s character a little bit better than last time.The novel had a good flow with chapters and really enjoyable fight scenes! Super satisfying. If you like martial arts and a bit of fantasy, this novel is amazing and the concepts are interesting.The romance aspect is something that it probably would’ve been better without but he’s a man of character and passion! It makes sense! Novel maintains a good balance of personal growth and romantic growth.Some people might feel discouraged from the amount of chapters but it goes quick! (If I had one real critique it’s that we have to use karma to read it chapters now but alas, still gotta support!)

Truly a master piece! This is one of the best novel I've read so far.This helps me a lot on recovering and moving on my mother's passing. Kudos to you IET.I HOPE TO READ MORE NOVELS FROM YOU!I can say that the cultivation plot is really interesting and I admire that the MC goes with his one true goal, reviving Yue Wei! Even with all the beauties his heart DAO is strong.Weapon system is kinda mixed and jumpy especially those sithe treasures. Nonetheless it's really entertaining.I can say nothing more . Kudos to everyone who has been part of this great book.

Please go and read this!Honestly, I think it is one of the better novels out there.I truly love the journey it takes us and the MC's growth. It does get a lil repetitive however that isn't something to worry about at all!I'm telling you there were times where i have felt despair for the MC and felt tearful as well.Really love the fact that this wasn't a harem, otherwise I would be cringing the entirety of the novel🌚  My guy only truly loved 1 lady.Got to say however, what I really disliked about this novel is the fact that characters would be forgotten...

I honestly wish that I could forget this novels contents and reread it again. This story is so good that it is by far a must read for any one who wants to get started on wuxianovels. The main character has such an immense growth in maturity that it is quite frankly impressive how much somebody can grow over the course of a story. Furthermore every arc has new content and you never really know what to expect. Love the character development as well, and the description of all the arts and powers the character has makes me wish that there was a desolate era 2

I read this quite a while ago but i remember enjoying it. This novel was what got me into cultivation novels and my first so I might be biased.The world building is great, the villains and side characters aren't just caricatures or 2D and aren't automatically braindead. It also isn't a harem which was why I read it. It doesn't focus excessively on the beauty of the female characters. It still has romance that doesn't stop the MC's journey yet still moves the plot along.It does forget some characters such as the MC's teacher or disciples but considering how long the chapter is and how much the MC traveled, I think it's excusable. We're reading because about the MC after all.Overall, highly recommend if you want to read about weak to strong, an actual meaningful motivation. The author wrote beautifully, and the translator is amazing for keeping the writing style of the author.

Alright so for the most part this can count as a good novel, the start is truly well written and the author successfully brought emotions to the narration.But I can’t rank anywhere in my favorites novels for various reasons. I would read this if you already ran out of best novels to read. Coiling Dragon for example same author but a more satisfying lecture.1. Romance : Bad, extremely bad in fact. At first, you may find it realistic, but then suddenly, out of nowhere the worst romance plot of all wuxia world will strike… worst part is that it won’t get better… it will get even worse. It’s truly a reason to hate the story. Without the romance this could have been a good let stay top 10-15 novel. But with it the storytelling dropped sharply.2. Cultivation : Quite similar to Coiling Dragon, it’s pretty good but the different elements could have been better used unlike in CD were it was simply more interesting.2.5 Fights : Good start but like many falls off pretty quickly. Just a succession of thrown abilities with different names and power levels. If you like PowerRangers 🤣🤣 then you will also like this, pretty average…3. Plot : Pretty good, the MC is strong but it doesn’t feel out of place and his power ups does being some hype.4. World Building : Interesting world but we don’t see much of it since quite a few time skipped are used. And the story is fully centered around the MC.5. Characters : Most of them are good, it’s not of of those stories where the MC is all alone playing around with bots. HOWEVER some of these characters are blessed by plot and others are just terrible and you will only want to forget them.Disclaimer I’m about at the half way mark.This is not a novel where everything goes perfectly well for the MC. Even so the MC can be considered fairly intelligent and most of the characters are well developed. I’ll get back at the “most” part a little later.There are indeed good points, the cultivation system is fairly normal yet interesting, the plot that makes the MC stronger than average is also fun and doesn’t feel like it breaks the story. He gradually become stronger showing off his superior talent.The other characters like friends and family are truly present and does their job however I personally didn’t feel like any of them are irreplaceable. Ji Ning(MC) is above all and only his masters are truly needed since he is naturally too weak at the start.So not bad but also nothing special, pretty average character development.World building ? Hummm pretty good I guess if you don’t take the enemies to be part of it.There is a reason to get stronger and there are mysteries still left to be explored.Now the biggest first plot is the realm war. That’s my personal believe, I don’t like big wars in Wuxia Novels because they always feel drown out and boring.Nothing really unexpected will happen it will be a succession of big attacks without any tactics. It’s just pure strength and so called trump cards hidden away and played at key moments.The fights are dull because they are fighting with some sort of big golems like some power rangers and it’s just a spamming of fists. Well that’s true for a lot of novels I guess.Now to end this already long short review.THE ENEMIES , it’s were the story take a BIG hit.The strongest foes is the Seamless Gate annnnd well their supreme leader is almighty and basically omnipotent. He knows pretty much anything that happens where ever it happens and can place SPIES in every god damn places without anyone being able to do ANYTHING about it. This doesn’t bring anything to the sorry except one of the worst and most stupid out comes possible during the war.Totally unnecessary so much that as a reader you feel anything but confusion as to why the author decided to go to that route.The big bad master enemy is simply too strong that it feels forced.And just to add to that, they absolutely all want to kill Ji Ning because he kill a random girl during a battle where SHE was the attacker. 😅🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️Alright I guess that’s enough, not sure how many will read this review. In short good start then about midway point 1 big horribly written event then I guess it will get better again. Still not among the best wuxia novels present in this site that’s for sure…

It's the best novel i have ever read. I finished it all till the ned without skipping over or leaving anything. Ji Ning is sp amazing as a person, he is kind sweet, determined and when he loves he can move the whole world to gett hat person back! How amazing it is to be loved by such a person who can wait aeons for you and still be loyal to just one person. If only i could experience everything he did side by side with him, how amazing that would be! I loved the settings, the characters, the friends everything! Its a must read!!!

I haven't seen any of my other works eating tomatoes, but "Reckless" is the only one I've seen and read it three times. A very good novel, although the routine is still the routine of the online novel, the protagonist Ji Ning is an earthling, crossing the other world (reincarnation should also be counted) in the family through the benefits obtained because of the crossing / past life gradually emerged, in the early stage there are masters to guide you, obtain inheritance (green bull, big bear until Bodhi Grandmaster) can cross the level of the enemy (true. The protagonist must have a buff) But there is indeed something unique, Ji Ning encountered a life and death problem that he could not solve (the death of his mother and father one after another) but could not do anything, which promoted him to continue to become stronger to seek a way to resurrect his parents, and also carried the blood sea deep feud (Snow Dragon Mountain), when resisting foreign enemies (God King to Source Old Man / Heart God General), he changed from a more valued main pioneer to everyone's hope and finally turned the tide, after his own level was higher, the huge world view gradually unfolded, and he improved step by step, Finally, he became the savior of the whole world.

I'm slowly beginning to realize that I make horrible reviews,  so lets try to simplify it a bit.-I liked the power progression-I like that the bottlenecks actually make sense-Main character is interesting but not overly so-Love plays a big part in the story, but it's handled rather poorly.-Most characters aren't completely forgotten. Most.-The beginning half of the story leaves the best impression on me. I think it's due to the 'slow' power up towards strength in this half. The latter half is great as well, but at that point the settings expands wildly so you don't have the same 'confines' of the initial setting.-I like that there wasn't as much of a focus on wealth being a limiter as there was in other novels I've read-I wish there was more side content with the family and friends-I like that the cultivation system feels fairly complete and ties the rest of the setting together nicely.Well that's all I can think of at the moment, I would definitely recommend this series.

A long long time ago when this novel wasnt completed many a people would wait eagerly and impatiently for the updates. It was a different time but it was awesome. Fastforward to now its completed and you must slowly unlock, buy, or use VIP to get a good read out of it. I will tell you this theres a good reason WHY this novel was the first one to be free when the new system came out. IT is good!! Great! Amazing really. The writing the story the flow everything just feels good to read. And we have an MC who is a true romantic, honestly its heart touching.My only gripe is the author often has issues with 'power levels' and as the novel goes along there are new power levels just created that have 'always existed' to facilitate the growth.There is some plot armor but it isnt always there. I feel like its removed at decent enough times to feel like growth. But hey most of these novels are like that and to me it doesnt feel like its done in a bad way.

At the start of the novel, everything is excellent. Unique and informative ways to describe cultivation, but later on, the thing is supposed to be 'complex' so much that IET doesn't bother to explain it. The lack of insight provide to the readers results in the MC breakthrough having no emotional impact on the reader, like ' he always is at a bottleneck so in a situation like this he naturally broke through advance and win.'Middle/late part, the plot seems somewhat weird and boring, which the author confessed that he was tired, but it is still worth reading till the end.even tho I only point out flaws in this review, it is still a good novel (the others review talk about the positive thing already, so I don't bother to)

This novel does start off a bit slow, but this was my first full cultivation novel. It honestly is such a great ride. The evolution of his sword arts to the actual fights themselves are really nice. Additionally, exploring and treasure hunting is always nice to read and I have often stayed up till 5am reading this book since I could not stop until each story arc was done. One thing that annoys me a bit is the power scaling and distances in the novel. They are pretty inconsistent. For example, some distances are measured in millions of kilometers that have been traveled instantly, however, the MC could do that same feat a couple hundred chapters ago when he was much less powerful than he was at that point in the novel. The scale is so large that its hard to conceive, but that's a frequent occurrence in cultivation novels. Overall it is worth a read.

My favorite chinese light novel.  It has awesome power ups and cultivation system.  Also it's interesting the way you move up the cultivation levels and it's explained very clearly and you know why characters can fight people of higher cultivation.  And it doesn't just apply to the MC but to others too.And regarding cultivation, its about dao heart and your insight into daos, not about your family blood or what race you are from.  As long as you have strong heart, good insight you can become the strongest.The characters are also smart and reasonable, not like in some novels where they would start a fight just because someone looked at them the wrong way.  You can actually feel like the people are acting their age and that they are mature and experienced.At times you can understand some of the bad guys and see from their side.Also there are times when the enemy is smart and backs off when they see they are not going to win unlike some other novels.Also the MC is great and very humble which is pretty nice.  Also he is very talented but not stupidly.  You can see that he has to work for it.  And also the MC doesn't get unique things that no one ever got.  Lot of the fortunate things he received, other characters had the chance to earn it too but the MC won it because he was just better and more talented.Either way to me the best chinese novel and highly recommend reading it.  There are very very few instances where I would complain about the novel.

This story is truly unique and amazing. I have read this from start to finish without experiencing any bad storyline / forced plots. Of course, the MC will always be the MC, but still it was fun to read all the plots and twists the story had. Now the hole in my heart has to be filled with a new great novel, I'll start my search for more like these right now.Please read this novel, you'll get hooked and have no regrets when finishing the story.Writer and Translator, thank you for the blood, sweat and tears you have spend all these years so that I (and many others) could enjoy this great story.Kind regards,A fan

vraiment super lecture l'hero est top ça avec un MC comme d'habl'histoire nous plonge dans une immense monde avec une diversification des ennemies et monstres incroyableUn vrai chef-oeuvre a l’état pure pour moi j'adore je suis simplement au milieu des chapitres mais je reste béa et je suis immersif dans ce monde . Le personnage principal est doté de talent de combat vraiment sympa. Par contre comme dans toutes les histoires asiatique 90%, le héros est doté d'une capacité de base hyper badass ... ils s'entrainent tellement plus les autres ennemies que le heros est tellement puissant que je trouve des fois un peu trop abuser ca courbe de croissance en de chance aussi...

Re-reading this book and it is such a joy.  Great character development, from a weak mortal MC to his end state.  MC has lucky encounters, but also relied on his perseverance and talent to train/upgrade.If you enjoy journeying with the MC from small city to country, world and universe, then this is a novel for you.The world building is fantastic and I Eat Tomato managed to weave a lot of Chinese myths and well-known mythical characters into the story.Fight scenes, flying swords, magical and different levels of power you expect from his collections of novels.The only downside is (spoiler) the support characters do get left behind fast.  And his most important people don't get much mention considering how important 'they' are to his life.  Worth a read!

I cannot grasp why so people like this or recommend this. The author just gives everything on a silver platter to this MC. Dropped at book 3 chapter 12. Spoilers ahead from first 3 books.MC died on earth as a teenager from a sickness. Because he was smart he was able accumulate a lot of money which he gave away to kids (charity). Because he did that he was able to meet the lord of death or w/e after dying where the dude said he was first to meet him in billion years. What? Author wants to bullshit his way out of this - like nobody ever donated money to kids - so lets try to ignore this. Anyway he was supposed to be sent to heaven (upper realm) for reincarnation but he got sent to mortal real with an overpowered visualization technique from "Nuwa painting" that would be super strong in heaven realm and his memories intact.He gets reborn as a "smart" child that isnt able to cultivate - standard. But in a short few chapters we know its all bullshit and he is just an perfect example of a MC with an insane plot armor.He is too overpowered at everything. He is born in a family with the strongest father (the strongest in the area that uses the strongest defensive sword style - which of course MC learns). His mother is a woman with a mysterious background that knows the best movement technique that only he and his father know (later on after he masters that she gives him an overpowered movement technique from the heavenly realm - ok then). Because he was "visualizing the painting" since he was born he was able to train his soul and split it to dual wield 2 swords and use 2 different sword techniques at the same time. One best defensive sword technique his father uses and the other super offensive technique (that is super strong but is damaged so it will clearly only grow in power in the future when he completes it). He is able to achieve super duper legendary awakening result while starting to cultivate a body refining technique (that is also the strongest technique in the lands - described as being able to fight with 100 opponents of the same strengths - ok then ). He is able to get a damaged magic tool (3 swords) for nothing - swords that are better than his fathers and so far we know the best in the area. He mastered bows from the strongest bow expert and he can kill humans without remorse the first time he fights them. He mows downs every enemy like grass. Theres a moment when somebody close to him dies and he goes on a revenge spree only to leave a small child from the enemy family alive because "he has his own morals" or something when everybody around him told him to finish him because he will be trouble in the future. Even the author acknowledges that in the next few lines saying that the family will train that child to kill the MC. Very "Smart" MC. Then he goes outside to train only to find some kind OP "dragon like" opponent that "respects his strength". Only to help it escape when some experts tried to ambush it. Why did they want to ambush it? Because they could tame it and make it evolve into a super duper crazy dragon. Oh wow the dragon that respects MC strength and owes the MC for helping him can be tamed and evolved into OP dragon, I DO WONDER WHERE THIS IS GOING. Either way. The MC then runs from the strong expert only to ... hold my beer because i wouldnt have the balls to write this myself ... run till he finds a pond where he sees the moon reflection and he ponders the dao (while of course still being hunted) - something that only higher level experts can do. And when the expert catches to him he uses the new skill he gained to summon a super duper strong lotus projection to attack him. But fear not because author decided that all the stuff so far wasnt OP enough so of course because the MC knows how to "split his soul" in two parts he summons not one but 2 OP lotus projections to grind the expert between them. This is just insane how much of a plot armor can 1 character have. Maybe some people like it when MC gets a free handout from the author and has an easy ride but i prefer my MCs to work hard for their skills and abilities. Current status for me: perma dropped till i read every other novel on the site and this is the only thing left ... only to read ROMJ again.

So Fare great I've only read a bit but I'm digging it. The action is top grade. The fights unbelievable. Non stop. The drama and villains are engaging. I would recommend this to anyone as their first wixia novel. The first three books are now on Amazon kindle. And that's where I read them. Amazing. I came here to read the rest of the series. Can't wait to finish it. I've read quite a few and this one is absolutely one of the best I've read. I really enjoy it. Captured my attention like few other novels have. I can only say IMPRESSIVE.

//All my judgements are based on the 900 chapters i have read so far.//The story is at most....avarage. His wife is tortured (for many years) in the 18 fucking hells but this guy doesnt give a damn about it, he just closes his eyes and feels bad for her.//The guy (mc) advances in cultivation like hot knife through tofu while the rest of the people in the book who have lived for trillions of years(and this isnt even considered too much, this book calculated age in chaos cycles which is equivalent to 100s of trillions of years and nearly all of them have lived for many chaos cycles.) do not advance at all, like how dumb are they.//Another thing that pissed me off is how dumb the his resolve for cultivating is , this point is two fold ,first he had a chance to save his wife(many chances tbh) now let me tell u these chances r not written in the story (obviously) but exists as 'could have been' scenarios. Like for gods sake his wife is being tortured and his. "master plan" is to keep killing until the enemy is forced to release his wife.i mean how absurd is that, it makes no sense.After his wife is dead he wants to cultivate hard and revive her , now u would ask me how? Well he knows a method to do so which is pull her out of river of destiny , now who the fuck told him this method, this method of reviving was not mentioned anywhere in the cultivation world or was told to him by someone of higher cultivation, this method has no base which the writer should have given.Secondly, the people(cultivators) in this series gain immortality at around 1/7 of the total way to the final level of cultivation (the mc himself gains immortality around chapter 500-600 or even before that im not sure) then why the fuckkk r u cultivating for, oh my god it makes no sense. 'His resolves makes no sense and r just nonsense' (now how do u feel after reading that sentence, now imagine an entire book filled with such shit).//Now for the next part everywhere this mc goes he either has a huge profit or gets a new legacy or something similar stroke of fortune like wtf...how lucky can someone be.It starts to get in ur head after some point , he has no emotion for his dead wife at all or his daughter or a disciple that he accepted and has completely forgotten about , wherever he goes good things happen to him, its just so frustrating, enemities are shallow , every organisation he joins bans infighting, and whats worse the writer doesnt even tell how he gets those siper amazing insights on dao like every other day...the writer just says he went into seclusion and gained insights😑,as of the rest of the cultivation universe goes into seclusion and masturbates 🙃.So my point is this book is for novice readers who have yet to read any xianxia or wuxia books so that they dont notice exactly how bad the book is.Also Renegade Immortal>>>>this bookRenegade immortal is the real masterpiece even though its the first book by er gen.

I read this a few years ago while they were still updating the site (yes before they had the app) with the newest chapters because there was still so much left to add on before the translation and posting was finished. It is one of the big 4 for me that really sunk me into Wuxia and Wuxiaworld in general! Out of everything ive read. This is one of the best. And its written in such a way that you go along and get lost in the amazing place that was created and get lost in the people in it! If you read carefully with this one and a couple others, you may find that if they are driven by their heart or cold emotionless intelligence, they end up in different situations; So please remember how to take a grain of salt, but still enjoy. No matter your Dao; Strive forward to be the best YOU that YOU can be! Because no one else can be you. Thats one big thing you find with these books. They are an amazing fantasy world to get lost in. But its written in such a way that if you take the time to think about some things that happen in it; you may find you learned something. Even about yourself. Ah! Off on tangent. Great book and I will always re-read it. It will always be worth the time.

I truly enjoyed the novel. It was my second novel to read by IET. I tried Coiling dragon twice but gave up early but this novel was truly a gem. I feel like better translation/editing could upgrade the value of this novel even higher.I will briefly list what I enjoyed the most. Might be spoilers for certain people but might help the people who are hesitant to begin.1. No harem2. New path of cultivation3. No 10chapter long tribulations4. No "you court death" young masters5. OP characters act like OP6. MC's plot armor is unlike other MC's (u dont basically feel like theres one lol)

tl;dr: highly recommended.Desolate Era was the second novel I read on WuxiaWorld and it was an exceedingly good choice. I learned much about the xianxia terminology and a bit about daosim and Chinese mythology. I recommend this one for beginners just as much as for veterans.The story appealed to me in many ways. The author skillfully weaves real-world mythology into his fiction to create an immersive world. Today I still rank it in my top 3, although I have read a dozen novels on this site.Character development in desolate era is not just limited to the MC as you witness his journey and various companions along the way.Overall DE feels well-rounded. There are other novels, that get some aspects better done than DE, but few are this consistent with good scores in all categories.It's a great read. Go enjoy it.

If you've read some of IET's other stories, you know roughly what to expect. Although I can't say there is anything special about this, I like the story. The author's writing style is also decent enough. While it's basically just your typical reincarnation/wuxia/cultivation/xianxia or whatever,it has a few interesting twists and turns in it.  It also isn't as heavily dependant on numbers and power levels like a lot of similar novels. It does get a bit ridiculous in regards to the passage of time though. The techniques actually have a bit of thought put into them, so it's not all numbers and power levels like a lot of cultivation novels, but it does fall back on power level near the end, so it doesn't completely escape that cliche.Overall, if you've never read an IET novel, you should give this a try. If you have read one, but you liked it, then you can expect roughly the same from this one, but with a different base story.

One of 3 novels I have ever finished and it’s the best out of the 3. ISSTH is a close second but it can’t beat DE. The cultivation system is great and isn’t jumbled up so it’s easily understandable and there’s are even times where u think the main character has no shot of doing something. The characters, especially Ji Ning are relatable and the abilities and world building all perfect eachother. Even the end is greatly written and I hope more stories take place in this universe. Best novel on wuxia world by far. Fiendgod cultivation is probably the best concept in a novel

Just finished binge reading this and loved it so much that I had to make review just to  recommend it and I wholeheartedly do suggest that one reads this.The only real critic is that the romance isn't the best but it is definitely bearable. Other then that I really loved all of the other aspects and that ending was really satisfying for me especially since they didn't do that trope everybody forgot who you are or anything like that.I also was delighted that although he had to work hard he was always talented no mater where he went.All in all I hope you read it and think you would be satisfied,

Best novel I have read on wuxiaworld after the second coming of gluttony. The pace is gpod , becomes a little boring after book 35 but the ending is pretty satisfying,  though i feel it could come with a sequel. Unlike many , it didn't completely focus on the MC, it doesn't have any stupid plot armor, I am just pissed with theMC always breaking through or suddenly gaining insight during fighting. Overall it was an extraordinary tale. I just hate that the aithor completely forgot his cousin. It could have been better if a little harem would have been added. xD

This book is too amazing, if you are new here try it. I have been reading and reading like, I have been possessed by something. Try and see and ignore those negative comments, I bet most of them just read a few Chapters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  No need to Waste too many words.Just know this story when read right, can broaden your horizon and motivate you!!Top 3Reading from Germany

Locked behind the Karma system I honestly cannot recommend this. While I enjoyed the few early chapters I got for free it isn't so amazing that the amount of karma needed to read the entire book plus time for unlocks makes it not particularly worthwhile.Now, for those who are up for buying the entire E-book, assuming it gives you the entire thing (never used that feature myself so cannot comment but it better considering...) it might be worth considering. I will say the pricing is a big up there considering other revenue models exist as well but it is certainly an option.In terms of content it is much more detailed than the manga, which is incomplete btw, and details of progression are kind of nice so far from what I've read but does not feel as organic as they are clearly aiming for since you are seeing massive spurts of growth in contrast to many other cultivation series like ISSTH which feature consistent growth you can readily sense and immediately understand. MC starts off basically cultivating an extreme hack so I'm not sure how this is going to work out in the long run. Without spoiling too much it is the equivalent of having SSS+ growth stats with plot armor super levels of immortality. Like dying might suck but realistically I can't imagine much tension in the story after a point due to his absurd regenerative properties even from a single drop of blood, mentioned near the very very start of the story... so not really a spoiler. In contrast, Meng Hao in ISSTH had a finite level of immortality and was vulnerable to especially powerful attacks but based on the understanding granted so far with this MC such properties will not be a concern in the fairly near future.This is a story for someone who wants a detailed, potentially well done world building which is interesting so far but so early in it is hard to say how much we will get to see of this world and how well it will be handled but it is okay so far, not top tier though.A few characters have been introduced so far but, honestly, none are really interesting or engaging so far for the first dozen plus chapters so expect a somewhat slow start before you find any supporting cast that helps draw you in (if they exist, I have yet to see any thus far but am very early in).Overall, I cannot recommend at current due to the current state of monetization with the karma system. For this price I can buy several novels or a video game. If there were some tweaks to the karma system to make it more reasonable and less steep that might be worth considering but at this point if I can't reasonably read a novel I cannot say it will be worth it. I'll just find free alternatives on this website. After all, I've been using this site every single day for two years and can afford maybe 18 chapters and I've never used any of my karma thus far.

This actually is my first review here.It has been over a year since I have read this novel and ever since having read this I struggle finding another one as good as this one.As another commenter said before me, this truely is a masterpiece.If you like the genre and have not read it yet, lucky you! You have found an awesome novel to read!Enjoy ;-)Other novels I also rank very highly, just as this one, are these:- I shall seal the heavens- Renegade Immortal- Stellar Transformation- Warlock of the Magus World

a great book to read and is interesting throughout the story. the main character is never way to overpowered that it is boring and their is never the same thing happening over and over. Desolate Era is the book that really got me into the whole wuxia genre and i have not been able to stop reading the genre since. No matter how many books i read Desolate Era is still one of my number one favorites. it is a great book to try out the genre. One thing i really like is how even though the MC meets new characters, he never forgets the old ones unlike some books.

I really wanted to like this story.The author seems to love time skipping through any type of hard ship.It seems to me that the protagonist gains so much strength without much ‘perceived’ effort.Maybe I’m bashing this because of my preferences, but with how powerful Ji Ning gets so quickly really puts me off.Makes me think that any powerful antagonist that shows up will be over powered within a few chapters.What is the point of rooting for a protagonist when you know he will just face stomp his adversaries without perceived effort?I hope others enjoy this story, but I will have to drop this.

I really love this novel. I was addicted to it. Glued in front of my phone non stop******************************************This is not a typical novel like any others.The flow, character and everything in this novel is breathtaking.The family relationship between the characters, whether hate - revenge -love- familial piety, all of them were as if the ground floor of your apartment.If they are removed, a nagging feeling penetrates into the cheat and the whole building comes crashing down(a bit exaggerated but yeah, just imagine).Especially on the part where the MC is not every time powerful. Sometimes he lose also but that single loses keep him coming back stronger.Take your time to read it and I'm sure you are gonna love it.

SPOLIERSI liked the vast majority of this book, but then the author just fucked near the end. You watch the marathon of the MC adventure and the suspense and the drama and you follow it. Then the author takes a baseball bat to his knees and makes him fail. Book 39 and everything after it is just outright depressing. All so that the author's next book can be about a side character that was mentioned only in the first handful of chapters. I will never read another IET authored novel. Honestly this disappointed me so much I'm considering dropping my VIP since I only use it to read books. The Chinese are such terrible authors. They're in love with bad endings and tropes. I don't know what's more depressing Russian authors or Chinese authors.

I'm honestly only writing this review to express my extreme annoyance at the fact that for some reason I now have to pay to read this even though I 1) read it as it was coming out and 2) have read it multiple times for free.  Why the fuck do I have to suddenly pay now.  This is bullshit.I'm honestly only writing this review to express my extreme annoyance at the fact that for some reason I now have to pay to read this even though I 1) read it as it was coming out and 2) have read it multiple times for free.  Why the fuck do I have to suddenly pay now.  This is bullshit.

I am surprised that DE has such high approval.  The beginning was pretty  but toward the end, i was skimming through the chapters just so i could finish the novel.  This novel lacks character development.  All side characters were 1 dimension.  Novel has no plot.  Protagonist only goal was to revive his wife and their love was poorly developed.  Toward the end, the multiverse become so big that you have no sense of direction or belonging,  and soooo much time passes by that you feel so unrelated.   I would recommend DE over MGA though.  DE does not rinse and repeat like  a lot other Chinese novels here.  I FEEL like toward the end, the author was dragging it out to meet the quota or something.

Overrated. I honestly thought this was super boring and just found myself skipping and skim reading chapters. After that I knew I just had to stop .Stupid word limit.Overrated. I honestly thought this was super boring and just found myself skipping and skim reading chapters. After that I knew I just had to stop .Overrated. I honestly thought this was super boring and just found myself skipping and skim reading chapters. After that I knew I just had to stop .Overrated. I honestly thought this was super boring and just found myself skipping and skim reading chapters. After that I knew I just had to stop .

The plot/motivation for the MC is generic and that makes the execution of the plot all the more important. Sadly the author forces certain things way too hard (for most of the novel) and these parts can be broken down into: MC makes stupid decision =&gt; gets lucky power up =&gt; says won't do it again =&gt; makes stupid decision.The main driving force for the MC is wife, which is the least relatable/likable female with the least screen time of all potential partners.And finally the author just loves to introduce side characters often and then forgets them even faster. The best example are treasure spirits (e.g. every high quality weapon has a spirit), these just exist to introduce themselves and then be forgotten forevermore.

I wish I could recommend this story, I really do. It's a fun adventure with great pacing, but it repeated does something I cannot abide: blatant sexism. For the most part, it's the subtle and common kind, where there are far fewer female characters than male, and every woman is incredibly beatiful. While men are described in all shapes and sizes, women are only ever described as beautiful. But around 27 books in, things start to get a lot more blatant. "There are far fewer female cultivators than male" is a direct quote. Why? Why would women be less suited to cultivation than men? The main character eventually starts recording his sword arts, and they're listed as things like "good for offense, good for defense, suitable for women." Why is that a separate category? "Although the Fiendqueen was a woman, her attacks were clearly more overbearing and dominating..." What does being a woman have to do with her being stronger? The answer to all of those is that the author is sexist. I'm not even done yet, so who knows how much more of this there is, but it's becoming more frequent as I go. I genuinely regret spending money to read this novel faster.

Whats the thing about¿Im gonna be rude to get it straight, i know how biased and amount of simps are all over IET novels, in general.---Ive read all books available of IET, and this one is the less unpleasant so far, seconds would be SFSP. But there is something that they all have, npc syndrome.What would be the quality of interactions between characters, tension, immersion and connection between you and the story, are all awful if we are talking about a random old hentai (lol). And is the same way with IET, although, being honest, this one is the best of them all, is still deplorable.I call them trash quality, not bad, low, MGA-like, lazy and the like; trash, because it IMMEDIATELY pulls me from an immersion of starting reading to: "Why like this¿", non-stop.So i like IETs writing, i think is nice and smooth. I dont like his novels tho. At all.There is many saying; "slow development" "best progression over-all" or "you just wont understand it/cant understand its profoundness". Bullshit. It isnt about how slow it begins, but how mechanical its repetitiveness is made. About how all characters are NPC, even more so MC. About how any line, paragraph of a character is just narration just with the " - " and a -name- said at the end. I could literally pass a whole 5 books dying to sleep but feel the characters and their roles on another novel whos chapter is titled: "Spanking Teacher". Meanwhile, i ignora all IET titles and go ahead die in mountains of --- and seas of explanations.

It wasn't as good as reviews make it seem .....First , IET literally deletes some characters after some chapters because they are useless ....Second,  Ji ning does something that's not stupid but completely foolish....Thirdly, the Ass pulls so fucking unbelievable....Actually  I am dissapointed and dissatisfied because I expected more of IET , Since some people will totally disagree with might as well add few things ......- Leaving a world behind isn't necessarily cutting of relations and forgetting people ...- This is just a normal plain novel ..... Don't go exaggerate that we get hyped then read this disappointment of a novel ...- just because people like doesn't mean it is good...

It starts out like a video game tutorial. Like the most basic descriptions drawn out for the whole first book. I could summarize the first book in one chapter and still be over wordy.It does get better after that but still chock full of random crowd commentary, review of events, and dissecting dialogue to show intent.All in all I read about 1 out of every 5 chapters. I skimmed or skipped 4 out of 5.After the realm war I just couldn't keep going. The back and forth of the strategical flip flops from doom and gloom to crushing victory because minor enlightenments to the MC washed me out.

I don't know y this novel is so freakin bad .Coiling dragon is way better than this trash novel ..Every actions r so obvious. Fkin kid destroys old monsters. Not even a bit interesting. It's better to read other  novels than this trash. IET really let my expectations down.Hope my comments save ur time. Z z z z z zz. Z z z zz z z z.  Zz. Z z z z z. Z zz z.  Z z z z z z z z z. Z z z z z z. Z. Z z z z z. NZ znz z

So plain, lack of detail*spoil alert*The biggest flaw in this novel is the LIFEBLOOD OATH.- Almost problem solve by lifeblood oath, no scheming, no betraying or tactic to solve the problem. Everything is simple, just swear lifeblood oath.- MC's life is already simple due to lifeblood oath and then MC doesn't have any rival, no one can fight him, no genius in the same generation can fight him. MC is too overwhelming.- Developing of MC is very crude, lack of detail. In the story, MC comprehends Dao seem very hard but it was described to the reader in just one or two paragraphs, at most 1 chapter. The logic of comprehension is also weak.- almost no surprising scene. Again, because of the lifeblood oath. There only two surprises in this novel. First, Yu Wei, Second, He failed in Daomerge. I accept these are very good, but then, just only two.

I was disappointed, I let the hype get to me because so many people were describing this novel as a must read for any cultivation fan, so I was expecting at the very least an above average experience. This novel is highly overrated in my opinion. I couldn't get past book 5, and I only made it that far cause I kept stubbornly hoping it would get better. The biggest praise I can give this novel is that it is not as bad as Martial God Azura, but it is not much better and that is not hard to accomplish.

